guns should be banned because they are not needed in any domestic issue. the second ammendment was put in place because of fear that the british might invade america again or take control of the government. if this were the case the people would need weapons to defend themselves and regain america. the british aren't going to invade so we don't need to protect our selves. even in the this day and age america remains increadible safe compared to many other nations. we have no close enemies. if a major army were to attack us a few men with pistols or shotguns wouldn't do much against a soldier with an ak47 or tanks or bombers. guns in america just make it easier for crimes to be committed. some guns should never be considered allowed and this includes all semi automatic weapons as well as shotguns. poverty, drugs, and lack of education are the reasons people turn to guns to kill. guns give you power to take life and should not be allowed to float around so that our students or citizens can use them against one another. guns may not kill people on their own but they greatly facilitate the killing of people and their sole purpose unlike most knives and axes is to kill. if we are allowed to carry a tool which sole purpose is to kill then purposely or accidentally we will harm or kill someone and that risk can't be allowed to exist.
yes, guns should be banned. guns provide a trigger for any violent activity in the society, like the virginia university incident. in our normal life, we have a bad notion for a particular person and wish to kill him if he comes forward some day. this happens with everyone. he might be our naughty neighbour or prankster classmate. we often say " i will rip him into pieces if he argues again, some day". presence of guns around us just provide an acceleration to this kind of a thinking and encourages us to act upon him and kill that person. so, guns should be banned forever.
if you look at history, the first thing empire's do to have total control is to disarm it's citizens.
yes that might be true but are you suggesting that we should be allowed to carry semi-automatics or greater weapons? if our government wants to control us with force they are not going to use pistols and hunting rifles, they will use the military and they use far more powerful weapons. the only way the people could successfully counter that is with weapons of near equal or greater power than what would be deployed by the military or non-violent movement such as the indian non-violence peace movement to overthrow the british empire in india.
gun control is misguided. when guns become illegal for law-abiding citizens, only criminals will have guns. if they're already criminals, they aren't following certain laws, and will almost certainly ignore more if they desire to do so. restrictions and bans on the availability of guns to the normal populace only encourages crime, because it allows criminals to operate with more impunity, knowing that they cannot be harmed significantly by the victim of their crime. and no matter how good the police are, they cannot cover all potential crime scenes. law-abiding citizens carrying guns can defend themselves and others in their immediate area more completely than even the best police force. prohibiting guns from the good guys just means that the bad guys are safer. i do, however, believe that a mental health test should be required to receive a concealed-carry license, just to ensure that all legal gun owners have the mental faculty to ensure their own and others' safety.
you state that guns are a tool that increases the ease with which a crime may be committed. but do any responsible gun owners succumb to rage and utilize the tool that they carry for protection of themselves and others to kill someone? aren't those feelings of rage and hate we feel internally slightly exaggerated? would any sane, responsible person be able to act externally upon irritation, even with a tool readily available, to kill someone? i think not. serial killers and criminals buy their tools to kill. responsible gun owners, the ones that follow all laws regulating gun ownership, will not use the guns they acquired for a wholly distinct and opposite purpose to kill or hurt others.
you are absolutely wrong about the second amendment being put in place to prevent a british invasion or coup. it was put in place partially to allow the creation of militias. you're also wrong about guns making crime rates go higher, take a look at switzerland. men there are required to own automatic weapons and yet they have next to no crime rate. their lack of a standing army is what was originally for seen for the united states, or a system similar. a small standing army to form the core of a greater force in times of war. that is what the second amendment implies. obviously you know little about guns, a shotgun is probably one of the least threatening weapons to people. their limited range for their weight and length makes them impractical for crime, but perfect for the defense of ones home. the guns aren't the problem its people and don't start blaming poverty, or education. just because you're poor doesn't mean that you have to kill someone to improve your life. there are many ways to do that. so long as guns exist people will always find a way to acquire them. by reducing the number of honest, law abiding citizens with the capability to protect themselves from these criminals you're asking for a breakdown of order. but i diverge from the topic at hand. point is only an idiot points a gun anywhere near a person they don't want to kill. there's no such thing as a gun related accident, gun related deaths almost always are caused by carelessness or stupidity or both.
great argument pvtnobody, i couldn't have said it better myself. guns don't kill people, stupid people with guns kill people.
yes i could have phrased it better. you are right about the militias but what was the purpose of them? who were they supposed to defend against, not just the british but they were certainly a worry? we have a standing army so why do we need a militia as well? i'm not a gun expert i agree but i also know that shotguns arn't the most dangerous weapons. yet what reason does anyone have to own a shotgun? i included shotguns because i feel that there is no justification for owning one not that i thought they were very dangerous. i'm not saying poor people resort to guns what i am saying is that poverty destroys people's lives and creates an atmosphere of fear. there are poor people who are living the best they can with what society has thrown at them. criminals or gangs might try to recruit the poor since they say they offer a better life. because of society the poor might feel that they don't have much hope and that being in a criminal organization might help to raise them. i understand that most of the poor don't do this but there are a few, especially in a city. a large reason for our higher violence rates is our society and maybe not the presence of guns alone but guns make it easier. just because a group in one area are able to control gun violence(like switzerland) does not mean that a group somewhere else is. "there's no such thing as a gun related accident, gun related deaths almost always are caused by carelessness or stupidity or both." and thus wouldn't that be an accident? maybe only an idiot does point a gun near someone they don't want to kill there are still a few idiots in this world with access to guns. i understand your points about self defense and i think it is the only and strongest reason for not banning guns yet what guns are you talking about? do you think we should be allowed to own semi-automatics? a lot of the recent gun deaths in the news were when people were not at home. such as at virgina tech, do you think people should be able to carry guns to class or in public? what i'm trying to say is if you have a shotgun at home yet are confronted when you're away from home how much use is that shotgun? lastly i talked about education and poverty because most of the criminals are people who have been treated not well by society. there are those high level gangs that did well but where did they begin what reason did they have to go down such a path? there are too many gun deaths and while there will never be a ban in america i find it appalling that so many fight to prevent gun restrictions and background checks.
of course guns kill people, but that doesn't mean that they should be banned. knives kill people, cars kill people, big macs kill people, but should they be banned as well? first of all, it would be impossible to ban guns and expect that they would all be taken off the street. they are too prolific in america now and there's no turning back. second, guns serve a great purpose in many cases, people just need to be educated on proper gun safety. additionally, we should do more to ensure the people who are getting guns are capable of handling them and are not likely to go kill someone with it.
militias still have their place, the national guard is in a sense a militia. it's composed of soldiers who train regularly but are not professionals. historically it was not the continental army that won the american revolution but the militias that fought alongside the army. i would argue that if you are pointing a gun at someone it is not an accident if the gun goes off and kills the person you are pointing it at, period. the only restriction on whether a person can own a gun should be passing a gun safety course. a shotgun has many uses, and in many ways a shotgun would be a better self-defense weapon than a handgun it has significantly more stopping power and is much harder to conceal. if you have your shotgun with you then it's a lot of help. there is a significant number of people in the us that carry weapons in their cars for just the sort of situation you describe. that is also the reasoning behind obtaining a concealed carry permit. finally you bring up societies mistreatment of people. i honestly believe that people's lack of education and even to some extent poverty is more often than not a result of their own failings. i would be remiss to say that all poverty was something that those stricken by it brought it upon themselves but many poverty stricken people perpetuate their status. more importantly a lack of scholarly education or wealth is no excuse for going on a crime spree. in short i'll fall back on the tried and true motto, "guns don't kill people, people kill people." it's hard to argue with that logic, modern guns have so many safeguards built in that it is not often that they go off without someone pulling the trigger and never if it's not loaded.
you argue that the caliber of the weapon is the only factor in a fight. while this is a significant factor it is not the only one. tactics and training are in many ways more important. finally the reason why the only reason why the indian non-violence movement succeeded was because the british empire chose not to use force. when you discuss a military actively engaging in suppression of resistance you've passed the point where non-violent resistance will work.
i did not mean it to sound like the caliber of the weapons was the only factor. tactics and training are also very important if not more so. but isn't the american armed forces better trained than an american citizen? wouldn't it be better than a militia as well? i guess i don't see the point of the first part of this rebuttal. as for the second i should have done some research before bringing that reference up nonetheless non-violence is an important tactic and it may not alone stop the suppression but it could be a catalyst for something greater that could. if they were true to the form non-violence could work, it just would be very bloody.
the responsible gun owners that you are talking about, might not necessarily themselves using guns. womens and even children in those houses feel like using those deadly toys and even try shoot at someone. i am not saying all this in fluke. just click on the evidence below. http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9f0ce4dd1031f933a15754c0a965958260  after reading this, you might raise another point that the owners should be responsible and keep guns away and keep them safe.blah blah! but, then just answer this, isn't it better not to buy guns rather than buying and hiding it from wrong hands?
firstly, knives and cars are not commonly used to murder people. cars just cause accidents, that is not the reason why cars should be banned. guns are a sure way to finish people off! and anyone can use them to kill others, that is the reason why guns should be banned. secondly, how do guns serve a great purpose, as you said, in many cases? they help to kill somebody we hate? well! that is badly justified!! moreover, there is no way of ensuring that the people who are getting guns are capable of handling them and are not likely to go kill someone with it.
and that my friend, is why vietnam was lost. the guerrillas were indeed poorly trained, compared to the american gi, however they were far superior to the gi in terrain mobility and knowlegibility of the battlefield. that is why a standing militia is often incorporated into the defense force because of their greater defensive potential. moreover, the american armed forces is a largely offensive unit, indeed they are trained to deal with hostile environments, rather than sympathetic ones, although some more advanced units are given training in insugency. also, the whole point of a militant revolt is to avoid excessive bloodshed on the rebelling side.
mmm, i agree with your first two points, however just because stupid people obtain guns is no reason to ban them. stupid people are voted for all the time (you know who i mean) but does that justify preventing the election process?
mmm, yes, if we take switzerland as an example again, they have compulsory consription for all young men where they learn about their automated weapons, discipline, responsibility and all that jazz. it also effectively renders the entire able bodied male population of switzerland potential, trained militia. service is optional for women there. prehaps an educational camp is what is needed for responsible gun ownership.
then we should ban so stupid people can't kill people with guns.
it's not really accurate to say that vietnam was lost in a military sense. we lost the war because there was no political backing and withdrew before the job was complete. but the guerrilla tactics used by the viet cong and the north vietnamese certainly gave our soldiers a hell of a fight. militias are definitely best suited for defense, a well trained militia knows the terrain, prepares for likely invasions and drills often enough that it can deal with any uncertainties. don't underestimate the strength of an out gunned, dedicated force that knows the battlefield better than the enemy. the american revolution was one by such a force.
so we should make driving illegal because a relatively small fraction of the population chooses to drive drunk?
the vietnamese were defending their home; they knew the terrain. the american army didn't know it nearly as well and wasn't prepared for the war they were going to fight. i think that if the american armed forces were going to suppress its own people they would be better prepared because of what they learned in vietnam and far more knowledgeable of the terrain. also now they have far better intelligence technology than during the vietnam war. before vietnam and korea the american armed forces did not have to deal with a solely guerrilla war and thus were not as prepared as they are now. lastly, no matter if the rebelling side is using peaceful means or armed as it appears you are supporting, there will be excessive bloodshed. yes america lost vietnam(and around 60,000 people) but the vietnamese lost more than a million troops and civilians at least (i'm only counting deaths). they were less trained and they had weapons but that did nothing to reduce the amount of losses that they endured.
jits  both are used to 'murder' people all the time. it is true that guns are responsible for the majority of murders but knives are number two and cars are considered weapons by the police. your point is that guns murder people so they should be banned. if that truly is your sole point then that's riduculous because banning guns wont stop murders. murderers will just use something else; knives, poisons, explosives, their own hands. do you really think a criminal intent on killing will say to himself, "darn, i can't kill now because guns are illegal?". jits. do you collect anything, pez dispensers, baseball cards, broken hearts...anything? if you do maybe you'll be able to relate to the need for guns. think about it. guns represent history. guns represent the ingenuity of man. guns are one of the simplest, most efficient machines ever created. take some time to look beyond the obvious...gun kill...gun bad.
i disagree with your point : just consider the prime uses of the things which are considered weapons by you. firstly, the prime use of cars are transportation. they are commomly used to move from one place to another by the common people. you say that cars are considered as weapons by the cops? they are not considered as a weapons. they are used by cops as roadblocks and chasing activities. do you think them as murders? quite funny though! that is a funny point you have raised. secondly, just think about the prime use of a knife. they are commonly used in domestic kitchen activities. now, think about the prime use of a gun. even a child knows that guns are used for killing. (other than defense in the army, obviously, guns can't be banned for the army). then why not ban guns, when they kill. even the keyboard that you are typing on can be used to kill people if hit at main areas of the body. all is on the mentality of the people. and, as i mentioned in my first point, presence of gun can originate offensive mentality in the owner.
jits says  "jeff joseph, a law professor with the thomas jefferson school of law in san diego, said police officers are often held blameless in san diego county when they fire on vehicles if those vehicles are coming at them in a threatening manner. "there is no question that a vehicle can constitute a deadly weapon, but the question is, is that the way it was being used?" joseph said. by paul sisson - staff writer | friday, april 18, 2008 north county times "some people choose a gun or their fists, but some choose their cars," said detective constable paul lobsinger, who works on the hit-and-run squad with toronto police. "i am seeing them more often than i used to. often it's a case of impatience or rage." suzanne ma from friday's globe and mail august 11, 2006 google "car as a weapon", 2,820,000 hits and the two quotes above say you're wrong. jits says  who cares about the "prime" use of an item. you said knives and cars weren't commonly used as murder weapons. they are. jits says firstly, knives and cars are not commonly used to murder people. once again they are. that takes care of the first third of my post. you ignored the second third of my post. i will rephrase. will the banning of guns stop people from killing? the answer is no. the last third dealt with looking beyond...gun kill...gun bad. please take some time to reread it.
not too long ago i would have, without hesitation said yes. but given the drift in this country to more and more centralization of power in the presidency i am not so sure. i wonder about forces such as blackwater; is this destined to be a private force of the executive? what if mccain is elected? he believes in 'winning the war' on terrorism. i believe he will naturally seek to exert increased control over security to the detriment of constitutional safeguards of liberty. it may take ordinary citizens, armed, to ultimately defend our constitution. our founding fathers fought against linger odds. it reminds of something i once read --- what if every jew in hitler's germany killed one ss troop as he came to arrest him? the number of jews vastly outnumbered the german ss.
why not provide more education to those with guns? banning guns altogether is not a viable option and not even in the realm of possibility.
there are essentially two arguments for the ownership of/legality of guns in american (outside of the second amendment). 1) protection - the argument suggests that guns protect us from dangerous individuals. the problem is that we are the dangerous individuals. from accidents, to insanity, to alcohol or drug-fueled violence, we are the ones doing this damage. the best mode of protection is the removal of firearms from society. 2) entertainment/sport - shooting is fun. i love it. skeet, target, and hunting are fun pastimes. i was trained as a boy to properly care for, handle, and shoot a fire arm. i was 10 years old when i shot my first .22 and i was hooked. i would love to pass these skills onto my son, but not at the cost of so much death and destruction caused by the improper use of guns. i would rather pass on a safer society. i've heard all of the arguments and both sides are certainly passionate about their beliefs. here are some of my rebuttals to common counter-arguments. guns don't kill people, people kill people: absolutely true, but guns allow people to kill people with greater efficiency, which is not necessarily a good thing outside of the battlefield. if guns are outlawed, only outlaws would have guns: actually, not true. outlaws and law enforcement would have guns. criminals will find ways to get guns: true, but the supply will be much lower the demand much higher, thus making it more expensive, thus more difficult, to get a gun.
guns should be far more restricted than they are now. we have far higher murder rates than almost any other first-world country. yes, it's important to protect 2nd amendment rights. but they should not be unrestricted. in arizona, the republican led state legislature has become enamored with a law allowing concealed weapons on every university campus in the state - the schools cannot ban them. what's worse, they originally wanted to extend that to the public school system! i have a number of friends who are good, honorable gun owners. i know they are very responsible with their weapons. i also have a friend who is border-line mentally disabled, and was given a concealed weapons permit. once, i took him to the local convenience store to buy him a coke. when we returned, there was a guy walking toward the house, with the intention of stealing his bike. "oh no! i've got my .45 there!" this nitwit left a loaded .45 in a bike bag, and parked the bike in the driveway unlocked - instead of leaving it inside the fenced yard, which was guarded by a rottweiler and a german shepard! never mind the fact that had he said something, of course he could have put the freaking thing in the locked house! he's a security guard, and a few months later he decided to take the gun to work. never mind that he's only licensed as an unarmed guard. it's against the law for him to have a gun with him. never mind that the company he worked for didn't have a license for him to have it, either. so what does he do? of course! he left the same loaded .45 in his lunch box, unguarded on his desk at work, where it was stolen! i have two huge problems with both these situations: 1. i completely object to being forcibly made part of a gun battle between someone like this and a shooter. i know this guy, and he's more likely to have the gun taken from him and used against him or someone like me, than he ever would be to defend anyone. 2. people like this unwittingly supply the black market to street thugs at discount prices no less. his right to a gun has to be weighed against my right to be secured from his negligence. don't involve me in a fantasy some people seem to have that this is the wild west and every theater and fast food place is the ok corral. responsible gun ownership, please?!
while i don't think an outright ban is impossible, i do think better education and visibility is a good idea. for instance, every gun should be sold with a bright orange, lockable case with a flashing light on it. every home containing a firearm should have a sign outside with the number of guns within. in short, gun ownership should be as conspicuous as possible.
responsible gun owners know how to protect their guns from harmful use.
most objects have the potential to be a threat. a knife sitting on a kitchen table may be harmless but in the hands of a thief it can be deadly. guns have more potential to be dangerous than knives but simply being dangerous is not grounds for banning an object.
two societies of 200 random individuals, one with guns and one with no guns. the answer is obvious, a society without guns has less opportunity, risk and danger than a society with guns. in a worldwide population of billions, many would have lived if opportunities to kill with guns had never arisen.
well you guys have answered the question already danielcraig and ta9798. a totally sensible approach with the only, somewhat irrational argument for retaining your weapons to defend against the government! sorry thedert, but hardly likely or relevant, at least we hope! lets face it, history dictates we are hardly a nice race are we? we use any excuse to batter the living daylights out of each other; race, religion, fun, etc. to think how much more advanced we'd be if we didn't constantly flatten everything we've spent time and money building and spent those resources on developing our society. but hey, it'll never happen. it's a sad world we live in where certain life forms find it necessary to fly planes into buildings. disarming the terminally insane would be a good start, but who's to judge who're the insane?!
plain and simple. gun laws do not work places with strict guns laws are some of the most dangerous places in the nation and places like parts of texas where guns are required are the safest. yes i think parent should lock up there guns so children cannot get them. no one want to see a child killed but banning guns is really a bad idea it's not good here and has been bad in the uk. http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/opinion/301881_gunrebut01.html 
a militia of citizens with guns will be our last line of defense in the case of a government or military coup. properly trained and licensed civilian gun owners can protect themselves and their neighbors in the case of enemy invasion, robberies, and other crimes. banning guns in the u.s. would be a huge mistake, plus it would piss off all the gun owners who use their weapons for hunting and sport. additionally, it would create a huge black market for illegal (all) guns.
i think you hit the nail on the head with the black market argument but do you really think that there are enough properly trained and licensed civilian gun owners to challenge the us military? there is no way the civilians could win. that argument is just silly.
now i'm not saying that all the properly licensed and trained civilians in the u.s. would be able to stand up against the military if a coup occured. but if that did happen, many of the members of the military would get out and join the civilian population and defend the counry's interest. not every member of the military is a brainwashed drone who will follow any order given to them without thought. but considering that there are many more civilians than there are members of the military would make things difficult for the military. plus think about the police departments, they can provide a lot of help in a situation where civilians will need defense. it doesn't take long to train someone how to defend themselves with a gun. i think this situation would be extremely rare though.
any one that says guns should be banned in the usa of needs to move out of the usa. this is america, stop walking around with your tails between your legs and start acting like an american. guns dont kill ppl , ppl kill ppl. next!
freedom was won with guns...
greater control, yes. banning, no.
i think the whole debate revolves around whether or not you believe people are capable or incapable of behaving properly in the presence of a gun. if you are a conservative you believe people are capable. progressives (liberals) believe people incapable. to take it further, if i believe you are capable then it's consistent that i demand accountability from you when you choose not the behave properly. there is a basic truth that applies here: capable is to accountable as incapable is to unaccountable. before you respond back, consider which ideology seeks to hold others unaccountable and you have identified those who believe others incapable.
you make a good point pvtnobody, but at the bottom of the article in your supporint evidence it reads: "it has none of the social problems associated with gun crime seen in other industrialised countries like drugs or urban deprivation." thus, i don't know if comparing the swiss to the us with respect to guns is appropriate.
making guns illegal wouldn't solve anything except to take them away from people that want to defend themselves. is marijuana legal? no? then why is it so easy to get a hold of? banning guns will not keep them out of the hands of criminals. if someone wanted to get a gun, they'd find a way.
i don't understand why this is even necessary. why should we put any faith at all in a civilian staged armed-offensive as the only resort to deal with corrupt governments? that is plainly an anti-authoritarian, barbaric and paranoid state of society which has no faith in it's democratic and legal system. civilians don't need to be military trained just-in-case-we-need-to-take-over-the-country. that is more of a problem where such small factions may start gang-based violence than any paranoid delusion of a menacing unjust government. there is no need for every bob and mary to own a gun to ensure a peaceful future. use your vote, use your rights for a free and peaceful future.
"only criminals have guns" thats untrue because the authorities will always also have guns and have better training, tactics as well. if criminals choose to guns then they will also deal with the consequence eventually. gun control's main purpose is to reduce opportunity. guns make it quicker, easier and less painful to end life. statistically it is proven that the availability of guns increases the chance of purposeful and accidental death. there is no reason law-abiding citizens need to defend themselves as they are untrained, do not have full knowledge of the law and eventually cause more harm than good by owning such weapons. the odds are against criminals and even tho gun control may never be complete, it significantly reduces the likelihood of death by firearm by lessening the chances and increasing the difficulty to acquire firearms.
remember how hitler took over germany single handedly? he registered everyones guns so that he knew where they were and who had them....then took the guns so that the citizens couldn't fight back. the crime rate in washington d.c. has more than doubled since guns were banned- this is because the people who were committing the crimes didn't get rid of their guns because they dont follow the law!
what about the 'right to bare arms' ?
ever heard of target shooting or hunting? also what if you have a varmint problem? and even if you ban guns criminals can still buy guns illegally and then the only people with guns would be criminals...and the police, but what if the police aren't around shouldn't you have the right to defend yourself? also guns don't mean that people are more likely to commit crime or even kill people. look at switzerland, they have the second highest gun ownership rate in the world (second only to the usa), and a large percentage of those are government issued assault rifles, yet they have a much lower crime rate than the us. the problem isn't guns it's poverty and lack of education we should be working on those instead of blaming guns for all our problems.
ever heard of the vietnam war, or the 1973 afghanistan war? both had poorly trained, poorly armed forces defeating the two most powerful militaries of their time. also high tech weapons and training are only a small part in winning a war, if it wasn't don't you think the iraqi insurgencies would have lost by now? my point is: in a war between the us army and the american people the army would have a very hard time even if the people only had hunting rifles and pistols.
yes i have heard about both wars and i even mention the vietnam war in one of my posts on this subject. i believe i have already explained why i think they are different than today. also as pvtnobody said, the political pressure on america to leave the vietnam war did have an effect on america losing that war. but that was back in the 60s, don't you think that our weapon's technology has increased by then? the times have changed and yes the us gov would have trouble attacking its own people, and i would hope that our military would be patriotic enough to disobey orders to attack their own country but the us gov knows america better than it knows any other nation. also god forbid the us might consider using light nuclear weapons on more remote areas, because who would retaliate? the afghanistan war against the soviets was lost on their part because they had an awful plan and didn't properly prepare for the war and the afghan forces had assistance from us and the cia as well as us weapons and money. to best defeat you enemy you need to understand your enemy, america didn't understand its enemies as well as it should have and that has hurt america's wars. as for you other post about switzerland and target hunting and such. if you read pvtnobody also talked about switzerland's gun policies so there is no need to bring it up again since it isn't new info. i do agree however that poverty and lack of education are major causes of crimes and i believe i mentioned that earlier as well. like i also said guns may not kill people alone but they give the person a tool that greatly facilitates killing if that is what the person wants at that time.
i just want to clarify one point. you are aware that semi-automatics are just guns that reload once after shooting, not guns that can shoot two or more bullets per trigger pull, right? because the latter is illegal in the us and in most places. (well not exactly, you can legally own burst-firing and even full autos in some states but it's a long and expensive process). also the large majority of guns owned are semi-autos. and one more thing shotguns are probably the best guns for hunting any fowl.
good god bible bashes. read the dam thing.if u use a gun u are a sinner according to that thing bound in black next to your computer. look at europe as u have always done and see the light. gun crime although it dose exist, is minuit in comparisons with the usa which is out of control on guns. guns don't kill people they just provide the means to do so. in a cowardly way. in uk cities u at least have a chance against your opponent when they have a knife... ok someone brakes into your house, they have a gun u have a gun. u both shoot each other and die. take guns of the street and then there is no need in guns. :o shock. ect scenario flawed. i admit it but still guns are not good things dummies
that argument makes sense only if u say that u believe america will have some civil war if it lost it's guns or that in some stupid way america can only prevent its self from turning into a totalitarian state if it has guns...
the 2nd amendment was created to assure that americans could protect themselves. unless every gun is somehow destroyed, there will be no way to ban guns in america.
the second ammendment was created in order to assure that we have the same strength as the government. the ability to overthrow it if shit goes down. the second amendment makes all the other amendments possible.
guns should be banned everywhere.
what?! of course it should! under that logic, all drugs should be legal. surely you can see a problem with that.
i don't agree entirely with this, but automatic and semi automatic weapons should be banned. gun don't kill people, people do is a valid statement, but a homicidal person with a semi automatic weapon can kill a whole lot more people before being controlled than if they had a knife. as for non-automatic weapons, they should require a license.
responsible gun owners simply don't come into it. serial killers and criminals buy their tools to kill. true, but if they couldn't buy guns, then they would do alot less damage.
please. do you really think you're going to take on the american military, and all its subsidiary para-military organizations thanks to the "war on drugs", with your handgun? citizens have no chance against the government if 'shit goes down'. you're prol-meat if that happens and the second amendment won't do a thing, comma splice and all. the second amendment refers to a time when militia was pulled out of the common populace. if they all have guns, then you don't have to supply them. this is no longer the case.
a majority of americans with automatic weapons who wish to rebel can take on the government. not to mention on how many members of these military and paramilitary organizations may actually join in the fight. but it's sad to see people just say (fuck it, if the government becomes totalitarian... w/e, better than the right to arm yourself). and, the handgun is good for when someone breaks into your house and tries to rape your kids. like what almost happened to my uncle (but he used a gun to shoot the fucker in the back of the head).
no. there is a difference between 'dangerous' and a 'threat'. a car is dangerous because it can run you over but it is not a threat. it can be a threat if it's driven by a mad man. drugs are not 'dangerous' just sitting on a table with no-one to consume them. they become a threat when they are handed out to kids on the street.
i thought that this was pertinent and rather interesting. i thought i'd submit it to see if it got any reaction. “the beauty of the second amendment is that it will not be needed until they try and take it.” thomas jefferson
you look at iraq and other urban wars and see our politically correct military doesnt really smash the revolts.
you make a legitimate point: the right to bear arms may no longer afford much real protection against would-be despots, and judging from the arguments made in this debate, it may even have lost much of its symbolic value. however, changing our constitution is something we should never take lightly. the 2nd amendment is fundamentally about preventing the government from gaining coercive power. taking that away in an attempt to make it harder for criminals to commit crimes would fundamentally change what it means to be a us citizen.
that is exactly the argument and is the rationale behind the 2nd amendment.
gun control laws simply don't work. just look at the violent crime rates of areas with strict gun control laws, such as washington d.c. and the u.k. (both of which have gun bans). then compare it to areas with less gun control laws, such as texas and arizona (where concealed carry permits are fairly easy to obtain). the difference is huge because criminals are far less likely to commit a crime if they think that the victim could be armed. their was also a study (i don't have the link handy) that showed that the majority of violent crimes involving guns, the gun that was used by the criminal was obtained illegally. that's what criminals do, they break the law. if someone is really going to commit a crime with a gun, then why would they choose to obey any gun control laws? i believe that thomas jefferson said it best when he said, "laws that forbid the carrying of arms . . . disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes . . . such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man."
switzerland has a gun death rate of 6 in 100,00. america has a gun death rate of just over 10 in 100,000. england outlawed all handguns and has a 0.6 per 100,000 gun death rate. [1] the facts are pretty clear that in countries where guns are allowed, more people are shot and killed. in 1999, there were 28,874 gun-related deaths in the united states - over 80 deaths every day. in 1999, 58% of all gun deaths were suicides, and 38% were homicides. of all suicides, 57% occurred by firearm. in 2000, 75,685 people (27/100,000) suffered non-fatal firearm gunshot injuries. what, exactly, is the point of guns? the fact of the matter is that america has a culture where guns are ok, and the only thing that is ever going to do is mean a great increase in gun crime. guns are pointless in this day and age.
the second amendment to  the united states constitution the right to keep and bear arms. i, for one, am happy to know that i live in a democratic nation that has a fail safe built into it. if it were to fail, be over run by a tyrant or whatever the case, if it were to fail, i would have a fighting chance, and so would my peers. i think disturbing the constitution is a bad idea, especially when we're talking about something like the 2nd amendment. if you touch the constitution, and at the same time, strip the people of it's property, and the property of which could help protect them in dire situations, you're going to have a reason to amend the constitution again because there will be a revolt. you know what i mean? you are changing the game, and then you are making it to where it's harder to keep fair if they wanted to change it again, and on top of all of that, it's not a belief that's being taken from them, like the belief of freedom, it's a material possession that has the power to defend itself, while in the right hands. tobacco, which i am all too familiar with, was responsible for 18.1% of deaths in the u.s. in year 2000. 435,000 deaths in 2000 compared to firearm related deaths at 29,573 in 2001. look at the difference there! 405,427 more people died by smoking than being shot... what do cigarettes do to protect the citizens from each other or the government? i would have to say, only calm one down a little for a short amount of time and make their fight weaker and more difficult to endure. if we're going to do anything concerning the second amendment, it should be to teach gun safety in classes as a sort of d.a.r.e. like program. just because we teach people about drugs doesn't mean they'll seek them out, this should be the same with firearms. i do think that we need to keep guns off of the streets, but this isn't a gun issue, it's a fairly complex societal issue.
the problem is that the police system is not efficient enough to put those superior tactics into play when they are needed most. there are too many cases in which the police never have a chance to respond to a threat before a criminal acts, but an armed citizen in the same situation could prevent the crime. gun control does nothing to reduce the availability of illegal arms. there is no reason for a criminal to recognize and abide by gun control laws if he/she is going to commit a violent crime anyway. gun control doesn't reduce the opportunities for violent crime, it reduces the opportunity for a timely response by a responsible citizen who could negate the threat responsibly and quickly.
that provides no logical defense for your side.
after sifting through the grammatical errors, i believe i have found the point you intended to make. the reality of statistics reveals that the uk's violent crime rate is far higher than that of the us. the uk has effectively disarmed its responsible citizens, but done nothing to limit the black market of arms that criminals are utilizing to perpetrate the crimes. the result is that the criminals have a much safer job than they would if responsible citizens were armed.
making a law prohibiting guns does very little to limit the availability of guns to a criminal. a criminal has no reason to abide by that law if he/she is going to break another one. the black market remains available regardless of what laws are used to disarm law abiding citizens.
so, based on your argument there should be no laws since people will always break them?
that was almost a good point, i was totally against guns before and that nearly dented my opinion. but then i couldn't help but wonder whether his (jefferson's) views on the matter would be the same if he could have foreseen the future of "arms". that is: mass commoditisation of personal weaponry. the lethality and diminutive nature of such weaponry. the rate of fire of these weapons and the speed of reloading. and whether he'd consider it still pertinent when the government owns and deploys tanks, hmgs and fighters on home soil. which of course, in order to remove such a government, would require not just pistols and other personal weaponry but at least rpgs and sams. i wonder whether (wish) he would have restricted it (the 2nd amendment) to contemporary weaponry of his time, that is: "muskets (36+ inches long) and single shot pistols". but now i am not 100% for a total ban, as i'd love to see "cops" the tv show with them running around with huge heavy muskets and taking 20+ seconds to reload their pistols. also columbine would have gone from un-fucking-believable horror to almost sublime comedy.
i've been on both sides of this argument and i can certainly sympathize with the respective positions. i've always found it interesting that liberal argument on gun control is seen to be derived from a presupposition that individuals cannot act responsibly with the possession of firearms while at the same time assuming that collective bodies of individuals (such as our federal government) can be or is a organization that will responsibly conduct legislation and execute public policy and laws to the betterment of the public good. on the other side, the conservative argument proceeds from both the standpoint that the individual can act responsibly with a firearm and/or (agreeing somewhat with the liberal basis) does not want to be found without a firearm in the company of irresponsible individuals who are carrying guns. it is also interesting that the former basis for the conservative argument assumes that the right to bare arms is the responsible individuals right to protect themselves against a hypothetical attack or control of an irresponsible collective body of individuals (a empire or dictatorship or oppressive government.) to a certain extent, you have to identify the motive driving your position, whether it be fear of our government or trust in our government, and determine the extent to which that motive might be hindering your ability to critically evaluate the opposing argument fairly in light of your own. personally, i don't think banning the purchase and use of firearms in the united states will do anything to lessen the crime rates in our country. as has been stated already in this forum, the gun market will continue regardless of federal policy. also, we've nurtured a culture of hopelessness and violence in our country that (while it may not be root cause of the problem) has certainly not helped the conditions that drive a person to resort to violent recourse to deal or cope with certain circumstances where better opportunities, financial security, or a better education might help them to make more responsible decisions. i realize that i'm being horribly idealistic here (as i'm often accused of being) but i feel that a better public education system, a more dynamic economy, and a more promising future for the people of our country will do much more than taking the guns out of all the sock drawers in the u. s. of a. and, the argument that it works in britain fails to address the geographical size difference between north america and the british isles, the demographic diversity, the population counts, and the cultural conflicts that distinguish the two nations. tighter restrictions on gun purchases and ownership are definitely necessary. a ban is not.
guns aren't needed on the daily by people outside of the armed forces so i really don't see a need for us carrying guns. it only leads to violence and gangbanging anyways... besides, i remember reading once that in the countries that had banned guns and an over 90% less deaths to weaponry than in the u.s. now that says something.
yea, but only if you'd kill someone with it. it's a good decoration item!
finally. someone who pointed out that violent crimes in europe are higher. good lord. stop listening to propaganda. in fact bbc recently did a report on how crime has gotten worse. get y'alls head out of the sand. europe's moving away from government intervention. were moving toward it. europe's starting to realize that gun control fails. were moving towards it. why do we not look across the pond and realize how much it sucks? high crime, and high unemployment.
outlaw guns, then only outlaws will have guns.
not to change subject but to show a comparison lets ban large vehicle's truck's cars pickups and anything that has a engine larger than a single cylinder and go's faster than 5 miles per hour because they kill people more so than guns. but that is a infringement on my liberty what liberty the pursuit of life,liberty,and the pursuit of happiness. that don't matter people are to careless to drive such a large and fast vehicle. and criminals use them to get away and to kill people with it and kids can get in them and go joy riding and hurt a lot of people. under age kids don't have a license to drive them and some adults don't either and still they drive even if it is against the law and some parents let there kids drive anyway to go to the store or what ever the law has gotten more strict but it still go's on and so dose drunk driven and a lot of other thing like drugs,theft,prostitution,gambling and so on and i don't see stopping people having weapons or anything elise it will just make thing worse not better responsibility and accountability is the next best thing. anything that was tried to stop has just got worse i'm not saying make it legal for like drugs or anything like that but something ain't working right. even when the gun law was in affect the bad guys still get there han's on them just a few years ago in california the cops had a shoot out and the bad guy's had band full auto weapons and bullet proof vest the cop's were out gunned and out matched so if you want to ban all weapons because of safety then you might as well ban all things that are not safe. we all take life in our on hands when we drive a car ride a four wheeler motorcycle flying in plane's water skying boating rock climbing hiking anything any where any time you just don't know your no safer with out them thats for sure and i believe that if i'm responsible enough to fight for our country then i have the right to have any firearm i want. just as you have the right to any vehicle or anything like that as long as your responsible for your actions and safety of all around you. now if you want to go jump off a crane with a rubber band tied to your foot thats on you or skydive motor cross and so on. i try not to tell other people how to live and i expected the same. but to tell me i don't have the right to have a weapon that is controlling my life and other's that believe in the right to have them that are law abiding people. and as i said i served my country as a lot of others here did and continue to do for you and every one here in the u.s.a.  p.s this is not directed toured any one person or person's here or anywhere on this forum its just my opinion about banning or gun control if a person wants to harm you and there is no weapons to steal or bye on the black market he will make it. and a good example is a water pipe shot gun or other type's of ballistic weapon if you don't think so look it up and there's a whole lot more things that can be made to kill with if they want what you have. look on you tube for home made weapons and explosive and you will see how easy it is to do. so just banning weapons won't work if your a bad guy. think about it and a lot of the thing are common things you can get every day at the hardware store and store's off the shelf. and a lot of the people on you tube that are doing it is kid's the one's that get hurt the most because lack of guidance from adults and no supervision. and its because the ban of explosives and homemade firearms. to them its illegal and exciting and dangerous.well i said about all i'm going to say. this is to all that believes in god i hope he will bless all of you and your's may he bring peace in your hart's and keep you well. and to those who don't i still wish you well be good and safe in what ever you do in life.
no if you have a guns license
absolutely they should be banned. there are almost no cases where an innocent person has defended themselves with a gun. and sure guns don't kill people, but the death rate would definately go down if people did not have easy access to weapons. i mean look at the vt incident. a college kid, with a clearly bad background record, managed to buy guns and ammo. we outlaw gun's and stuff like that does not happen
if a robber came in your house you would want a gun.
as long as people who have guns use they responsibly they should never be banned
no guns should not be baned in america and no we should not be able 2 carry fully automatic, but if a person tries to hurt you or your family unless you are a sharpshooter then a single shot wepon will not be good enough to protect you or your family. so a semi-automatic wepon can be good to have around the house.
guns should be banned everywhere except america.
shot guns are used for many different application a few of which are bird hunting like pheasant or ducks, they can also be used for trap and skeet shooting. another thing shotguns have a maximum shot distance of 30 yards so they aren't that good of a weapon. also semi-automatic weapons have various uses and when you are hunting fast animals you want to be able to take as many shots as possible without having to cock the gun. another point is that a gun is a tool and the person is the one who kills someone not the gun. and it is now required to take firearm safety to purchase or use a gun and also 80% of guns used in crimes are bought illegally according to the fbi.
well if guns were banned stupid people would not be able to get the guns and kill the other people.yeah, maybe you did not see when you wrote the "stupid people with" part. ban the damn things ban them all.
yes because some people in america cannot be trusted with one i understand that if its for your protection then yeah go ahead and have one but i'm just saying most crimes happen with handguns.
and freedom can be lost with guns in the wrong hands. it works both way.
guns are illegal in chicago. how do you explain chicago having the highest homicide rate? don't worry... i'll wait.
where'd you read that? the nra newsletter? highest gun related death per capita: dc, where guns are legal link lowest gun related death per capita: hawaii, where guns are illegal link and see xaeon's arguement below. chicago is like 15 on the list. link and considering the poverty rate, and that it's the 3rd largest city (and probably the second most dense) that's actually not bad.
guns dont kill people, people kill people. people sometimes kill other people innocently a lower percentage of the time but yes it is there. it is called self defense. if someone breaks into your house and you shoot and kill that man is that a bad thing? also if it is not guns then it will be homemade bombs or just kitchen knives. it would be almost impossible to ban just like the alchohol ban the us gov tried. it wont work in the southern states i gurantee it. most of the 16 year olds and higher that i know own a gun . at least 25% of them. which means that they are already toting illegaly so if they are already how is the gov gonna enforce it if they are already having kids slip under the radar?
you can kill someone with a car, should cars be banned in america?
key word:  yeah its possible for a maniac to get ahold of a gun, but its also possible for a maniac to get in the drivers seat of a car. (see my post) perhaps we should ban cars in america?
i meant that i wanted guns to be kept in the right hands. i did not mean that i wanted guns to be banned.
actually, no i wouldn't. if a robber came into my house in an area where gun ownership is legal, i'd have to seriously consider whether or not this person is also going to have a gun; why would they enter my house unarmed if they knew that chances were that i would have a gun? all this is going to do is cause a shootout, with most likely someone (50% chance it's me) getting shot. i'd rather hand over my stuff (it's just stuff), claim on the insurance afterwards and have a greatly reduced risk of ending up dead.
oh, thats cool, i agree. sorry bout that.
no they shouldn't. if you take away the civilian's only right to self defense, how are they suppose to defend themselves from the criminals who buy weapons and drugs from the black market illegally. if you think homicide rates are high now, if gun control becomes active, that will sky rocket.
uhhh? you ever heard of a black market, the illegal selling,buying, and distribution of contraband (weapons,drugs) illegally?
do you realize your talking about empires, which existed hundreds of years ago, when there weren't "hardcore" gangsters and a black market, people abided by the rules or wouldnt have life.
in case you different do other research, chicago has one of the highest crime rates in the entire country. crime rates equals criminals which means if guns are illegal, they must be getting them from somewhere, hmmm, i wonder where, black market or illegal selling across borders anyone?
i find your argument inadequate, circumstantial and irrelevant, comparing overall homicide rates to "gun related" deaths. chicago is 15 on the list because it's sorted alphabetically... :/ btw, hawaii's figures rival those of chicago according to that same list. of course the lowest gun related deaths will be in the the states where guns are banned, duh. lowest bun not nonexistent. dc's highest gun deaths per capita coincidences with the fact that guns are legal there, doesn't mean anywhere guns are legal crime rates will be high. plus the dc area has fewer population so the 'per capita' figure will naturally tend to be higher. still it does nothing to counter mburke12's argument.
actually, if you read the chart i gave you, you'll see that chicago is ranked 15th. no, that's not just the order it is listed in. burke's arguement is specifically that places where guns are illegal has more gun deaths. that's his arguement. that's the arguement i answered. that chart shows conclusively that the opposite is true. the graph is based on per capita, so that dc has less people is completely irrevelant. you do know what per capita means don't you? that means it's taking into consideration the population. you are just going to have to face the fact that places where guns are legal, have more gun related deaths. that's the arguement burke put forth. that's the arguement i rebutted. and the facts show conclusively that i am correct. i'm not sure what your arguement is at all.
we need guns!! how else are we gonna shoot people that dont agree with us!!
pure genius!!!!!!!!
shut up you commie before i show you what a responsible gun owner can do!!! you#%&@%
no, firearms are simply made available for self-defense, the percentage of people that use them for other purposes is a very small one. except in l.a. hehe
yes guns should be banned in america. in the uk, deaths by guns are a lot lower. the reason is that it's still harder for the average man in the street to obtain a gun. the american constitution states "the right to bear arms" and the americans seem to feel really strongly about protecting this right. obviosly the constitution is held in high esteem to the americans, based on their history and pride of independence. however you can't hold onto values and laws that have lost their importance or value. at the time of the american declaration of independance, which, i imagine would have led to the drawing up of the rules in the constitution, life and times were completely different. shootings and murder were everywhere, and if i was george washington writing a proclamation for a new world, then it makes perfect sense to give the citizens of this new world, the right to defend their land, property, and life. and for this reasons americans have guns. but, if you can't get hold of one, you can't kill someone with it. it's a simple argument really, guns kill.
guns should be banned and there will be extremely low cases of gun related murder. if guns over the world is banned, we will get world peace for a while.
wrong! last year 2.5 million people were saved by using a gun for self defense. i don't consider that "almost no cases where an innocent person has defended themselves."
have you actually read the newspaper? there are several cases and some that a gun prevented them from being a dead victim. i speak from experience. as for the easy access of guns, criminals would have access to guns in the black market regardless if they banned guns. cocaine is illegal but some how people still gain access to it...well, how does that happen?
for all of you who want guns to be illegal ask your self this what will our army do without guns. oh i know they will spit at eachother. its funny how quick people are to say lets make guns illegal because their bad are they really that bad last time i checked it takes two hands a finger and a willing person to use it. just like how ignorant people say pit bulls are a deadly dog and should all be extermanated well so are bear and lions and tigers. its not the animal that was trained to kill people. people train dogs to kill people. now if this were a math equation people added to killing equalls people killing people hence the saying guns dont kill people, people kill people. tell me im wrong and ill call you and idot there is no argument for that statement none. ignorance is what makes stupid and somtimes i see too much of it. california is the best place for it.
just people kill people. children would not wonder what a gun does if they are exposed to guns and people tell them the proper way to use them. its the children who are shielded from guns that try to play with them and don't know what to do, that cause trouble.
...oops, this is an accidental post, my argument is up there ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
probama it would still happen you f*ing moron if they arent afraid of going to prison for killing people they definately wouldnt be afraid to get a gun illegaly.
even if guns were banned poeple could still make there own guns.
look at some european countries that banned guns. guess what nothing has changed. if people want to kill they will and they will find a way to get a gun to do so! so you want to get rid of hunting, which is a trillion $ a year industry and if you ban guns millions of jobs would be lost. you think we are in a recession now! you idiot!
hunting and self-defense, time to look past your little inner city cocoon. there is a big place called the rest of north america!
well look at prohibtion in 1919 and on, also known as the volstead act. alcohol was completely banned yet everybody still drank. they found ways to drink. people had to brew underground, and drink in underground bars, but it happened. even major authorities including police and judges were found down there. the same things would happen with guns, and who would be the people to illegally own guns? not harmless hunters, but gangsters and other criminals who are dangerous with such weapons. it is still going to happen. maybe we just need tighter gun laws when purchasing them.
[event] the society with no guns has five members that buy guns from the black market, they take over the society and create a dictatorship where the men are forced into slave labor camps and the women are sold as sex slaves. meanwhile the other society is fine they have had a few disputes with a bad apple or two but they were both resolved without the collapse of the society. [/event] coming back to the planet earth you must first accept that guns exist. if you ban them there will still be a black market, no matter if they are smuggled or made domestically. so the best solution is to regulate and make sure law abiding citizens can buy guns.
i can prove that here: http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?artid=1071444  oh and i used you in my bibliography for my essay!
i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!i also used you. and you are most likely right!
banning guns will not make gun-related deaths decline substantially. the majority of gun buyers are law-abiding people who keep the guns for self defense. guns used in street crimes, especially from gangs, are typically illegal. if guns are banned, the illegal street guns will still be circulated, but the innocent people will not be able to obtain a gun for self-defense.
i'm a damn hippie, i suppose, since i support extremely strict gun regulation. but the keyword there is regulation. making guns illegal would just lead to more underground dealings, making it easy for any common criminal to obtain a gun without being registered as a gun owner and without having a gun license. while some cases of this still occur, it would be far more frequent without government regulation.
should [citizen] guns be banned? - hell no. in an arguement made by t.s. eggleston, if guns were banned, a black market would arise as well as gun smuggling. this in return would lead to an increase in crime and honestly, who wants more crime? he states that the citizens with no previous criminal records would surrender their guns to officials, leaving them helpless and at a higher risk for being injured. eggleston further explains that "criminals will always continue to break the law and prey on the law-abiding but disarmed citizens." for the previous arguements that claim "there are almost no cases where an innocent person has defended themselves with a gun." thats bull. according to eggleston and other statistics, "every 13 seconds, an american uses a legal firearm in defense against a criminal." so, for self-protection, guns should remain legal. it prevents overcrowding of prisons, riots, and decreases many injuries. in return health costs are not forced to sky-rocket. to suit the people that believe guns should be completely illegal....i do feel that stricter laws need to be enforced to acquire such equipment. according to the national rifle association (nraila), in the state of texas, an individual does not need a permit to buy a hangun, and they are not required to carry registration or a license. this lack of legislation is one of the main reasons for the decrease in gun safety, so if we fix this, americans can be on their way to a happy, gun legal society. =] http://www.the-eggman.com/writings/gun_ban.html  http://www.the-eggman.com/index.php http://crime.about.com/od/gunlawsbystate/a/gunlaws_tx.htm 
guns save lives! if we were to ban guns the only people that will have guns are the people we were trying to take them away from. people already are able to get guns illegally and will continue to if they are banned. i will always feel safer with a gun knowing that criminals can get guns illegally.
if we outlaw guns that stuff will still happen because they are already illegally getting guns.
guns kill peope; just like spoons made rosie o'donnel fat.
one of the many reasons those men signed the declaration of independence.
ever since we put registration on guns and making guns harder to get school shooting started. we need to allow students to carry concealed guns on campus. with the vt shooting if one student had been allowed to carry a gun on them the shooter would have ended it early and many people would still be alive today. it needs to be a law that we enforce to make every home have at least on gun to protect your self
ok so i think thtas the guns dont kill people kill the guns well they just happen to be in between the people
1,145 times a day handguns are used against robbers. 416 times each day women use their handguns to protect themselves from rapists. overall, a gun in the home is 216 times more likely to be used in self defense than to cause the death of an innocent victim. and even if you don't own a gun, preserving the right of your neighbors to own them is one of the best ways to keep criminals out of your neighborhood.
so let me get this straight... home invasions almost always means that they are just there for your stuff, that means that they are not going to rape your wife and daughter in front of you while you're tied to a chair then kill all 3 of you after they get their kicks then take your stuff? uh, who's going to collect the insurance? probably whoever is not at home durring that time i guess, or some other family members currently not living there right?
actually, yes. thousands of burglaries happen every day, and i'm sure in a lot of cases they happen when people are at home. there are not, however, thousands of the scenario you described. so, yes, home invasion almost always means that they are there for your stuff.  if they were to burgle my house, then me. i'd buy some nice shiny new shit, and enjoy it knowing that i didn't get shot in the face because i tried to be a hero.
i do not think all guns should be banned, but certainly some. if your a hunter and you want to kill a deer, then go and by a rifle, but do you really need an ak-47 to kill a little deer? and if your buying a gun for protection, then that is just stupid. there are plenty of things you can do before resorting to a gun for protection. get a guard dog, buy an alarm, or move near a place with a lower crime rate. you could also buy a taser or pepper spray.
guns don't kill people. people kill people. guns assist people.
studies have shown (look at cities in australia) that when you disarm a population crime rates go up because people no longer have the fear of people defending themselves.
any of u frix ever heard of the black market??? sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh!
itz gud 4 everybody cuz it helps u alot on eveyry problem u gt no matter wat
guns don't kill people, poeple kill people. the vast majority of people who commit gun crimes obtain their wepons illegally in the first place, so if guns are taken from the law abideing citizens, you'll have a situation where the outlaws will have guns and the sane people who should be allowed to have guns will be defenseless. also it shifts the balance of power in favor of the politicians instead of the citizenry. it's just one more step towards tyranny. this country started by shooting the poeple who tried to supress us. we can't allow our government to become the very thing we killed to escape from in the first place. do you really want the politicians to have complete control of you lives?
banning guns wouldn't bring down gun violence significantly because people who are committing gun crimes are getting their guns illegally in the first place. and other countries that have banned guns have alot more variables to consider besides just banning guns alone. most other countries have a much tighter justice system that doesn't give any wiggle room for crimes in general let alone gun crimes.
way more people are killed each year by car crashes than by gun violence. should we ban cars too?
that is completely ridiculous. if guns were banned, people would get the elsewhere (ever heard of the black market???) and the law abiding citizens would be defenseless. and world peace??? there is no way that's possible right now no matter what you ban. guns are not the only way violence is carried out. do your research.
the second amendment wasnt for people to start killing each other, it was for the creation of the militia. guns in america, are supposed to keep this world a better place, however, it doesnt do that at all, it only allows criminals to commit crimes. it definetly doesnt protect anyone from anything, it only harms the people of this country. and yea, i get that many people save themselves from the criminals that break into their house or try to rape them, but half the time thats not the case.
this sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks balsthis sucks bals
i don't understand why people think that by guns being banned in america would reduce crime? of course it won't stop crime because criminals are not going to go buy a gun legally anyway, but rather from the back of the van. large majority of gun owners do not like the idea of the background check, which in my opinion does is a very good. i had a background check when i purchased my gun and no problems at all. i have absolutely no problem with that. of course, it won't stop criminals completely, but at least it will reduce the number of those who should not own guns. in addition, criminals will think twice about harming someone when you live in a state where the gun laws are not so strict........and no, i am not a nra member nor do i ever wish to be one.
if someone breaks into a home the homeowner almost always has the advantage. they know the layout of their house better than whoever is breaking in. when it comes to real-life applications the chances of you geting shot are way less than 50-50. look it up
guns don't kill people. people kill people. so you guys think that since guns kill people, we should ban those, right? knives kill people too, should they be banned? we cut our meat with knives so no. we kill animals and eat their meat with guns so no we shouldn't ban guns.
yes of course!!guns might hurt people or even kill people!the point is:u cannot control the ones actually have guns!they will hurt people when they want!!they will use their guns!!if u don't ban it,what is the use of police??they trained to be strong and catch the thieves...now,all americans got guns..even police cannot stop them from stealing..(because they got guns either)...so how can we let the americans hurt people by using guns again and again?
"the british aren't going to invade, so we don't need to protect ourselves". so when an american enters you're home with intent to kill, are you going to defend yourself with a fork? i do agree that most burglary's that occur do not involve a murder or serious injury, but not all home invasion's are with the intent to remove your property. if i we're in the position to put my life on the line, or lose a television, i would rather lose the television. the question is whether this person is here to steal my property or harm me or my family. i would rather have the means to protect myself and my family. if we lived in a perfect world where we didn't have poverty, drugs and poor education, then maybe i could see youre point. the fact of the matter is we don't. when america gets to the point where i can go to sleep at night, or even go about my daily business and not worry, then i'll consider getting rid of my gun. until then, we live in a dangerous world where people live outside the law and i feel safe knowing theres an amendment granting me the right to defend myself.
guns dont kill people, people kill people, from a gunsdont kill people i do corperation
i don't think we should ban all guns, but certainly some. if you want to hunt, then go ahead a buy a hunting rifle, but what if the purpose of a gun other then that. getting one for protection is stupid since there are many other options you have before resorting to a gun for protection. think about getting an alarm, moving to a low crime area, or buying a guard dog. i think guns such as ak-47's are overkill and should be banned. do you really need a machine gun to kill a little deer?
i do not think all guns should be banned, but certainly some. guns used for hunting are fine, but they do not serve any purpose other then that. guns such as ak-47's should be band because they are overkill. do you really need a machine gun to kill a little deer. kind of like how some knives such as switchblades are banned because they serve little purpose.
not exactly disagreeing with your argument, but guns can also be used for personal safety. not just for killing "little deer".
the are plenty of things you can do before resorting to a gun for safety. i have said this many times. move to a place with a low crime rate, get an alarm, or buy a guard dog. you could also buy a taser or pepper spray. buying a gun for protection is just stupid and paranoid. who would you even be protecting yourself from anyway? a burglar, because most burglaries occur when your not even home, make the gun pointless.
everybody is talking about how the government is going to take over, and guns will be the only way to protect ourselves. it sounds like some bad movie premise. how has the government taken over exactly, and what is so bad if it did? i mean isn't a nation supposed to be run by a government? if we were under the control of a tyrant, then i could understand, but we live in a democracy. we choose our leaders, and can impeach them if we do not like them. it is not a perfect system i know, but it ensures that no person can take control of our country. even if somebody did, then do you really think a gun is going to be you saving grace? if there was a so called tyrant, then he probably has taken over the militia, and do you think that you would win against a trained solider who probably has better weapons.
just because you make it illegal to buy a gun you will never and i mean never get all the guns off the street because the import guns illegally they buy guns without ffa regulation and peple are not stupid and they will find a way to make themselves weapons such as the book writtem by bill holmes published in 2002 titled .50-caliber rifle construction manual
i dont even see it could come across the mind of any intelligent person that people who are innocent dont use guns to defend themselves, thats like saying if someone broke into your house to rob you and they didnt know you were there that they wouldnt want to kill you therefore having a gun could protect you from a scared criminal.
people will still get guns and whats going to happen to all the guns all over the world. there will never be world peace. there will always be weapons. people will always kill other people. its as simple as that
what the hell is balsthis and are you a moron because i feel bad for you if you are but if your not then how the hell do you possibly think you are contributung to the debate?
hey i agree but where did you get your facts from...............................................................
we would gain nothing from banning guns in america. guns are dangerous when people illegally use them why would we ban guns in america? to stop the violence and all the killings linked to them correct? and if killing people is already illegal what good is it going to do to make guns illegal. if you are willing to kill some one you probably don't care what you are killing then with is legal or not. the only people banning guns in america would hurt are the people that are defending there homes, business's, families. since guns are already a lucrative black market making them illegal would make it worst. just like banning alcohol did to this nation. look how much money that made the mob it brought them into power. what do you guys think a black market surplus do?
i believe that a ban on firearms in america will result in widespread protests and riots, the gun market will continue, people will no longer feel secure, and an ineffective and possible corrupt system will be created that will only cause america even more suffering. i also believe that anyone who says any type of regulation on firearms is against the 2nd amendment is quite honestly ignorant of the world we live in now. even greater regulation than is currently seen is needed on the buying and selling of firearms. i mean really let's be serious here, guns do kill people. but they also protect people. regulation is needed to ensure that guns begin to do the latter in greater degrees.
guns just help people kill each other but its not the guns fault it has no control of its self people choices to use the gun in crime
there was a reason we the people created the 2nd ammendment, the right to bear arms. we created it so if the government went tyranical on the people, the people will have a way to defend themsleves and try to overthrow the government. if guns were banned in america, it would leave the citizens helpless against the government.
all we need is good gun control. and by "good gun control" i mean two hands on the gun ;)
on behalf of my hubby..............................................have an upvote!...he liked this one.;)
thanks. here on cd i aim to please (just like in the bathroom). ;)
what's the government made of? people. what's the military made of? people. what's all of america made of? people. if we can trust our government and military with automatic weapons, tanks, and explosives to defend our country, why is it we can't rely on the people of america to defend themselves? there is only one cop for every 2000 people in the u.s. i believe. congress itself said that it is not their duty to defend us as individuals, only as a whole, which is unapplicable when it comes to a robbery, rape, or murder. every human has the right to live. however, a "human" with a sick intent of murdering, raping, and maiming with long list of such words, is hardly what i would call a human. i call them a monster. think, do you believe hitler had a right to live? what about the 911 terrorists? what about seung-hui cho, who laughed as he shot his victims at virginia tech? the average response time for cops is a minimum of 5 minutes, with no definite maximum quota. it only takes about 5 seconds for a crime to happen, and much less for someone to be stabbed or shot to death. wouldn't you think if criminals have guns, you should in fact have one to defend yourself should you ever become a victim? you anti-gun people bash on gun owners who prey on the defenseless people. you, as a person against guns, are in fact helpless too, but you do not have to be. it is not complicated, guns do not take superior skill to use if they make murder so easy. i'm part of a shooting program, and in only 3 hours they taught kids as young as 7 how to safely handle weapons, and never in the 50+ years it's been around has there been an accident. someone once told me, "if you give the criminal what he wants, he won't kill you." yeah really, as if every criminal was after your money. criminals have different intents, anywhere from your money to your life. your life is a potential target no matter what the intent is. would you rather be mangled, mutilated, and murdered or have to explain why you shot that thug in the chest? do not misinterpret this, but there are criminals that exist who do not wish to even harm someone. however, what right and reason would they have to steal from you, scare you, threaten your life, and maybe even kill you? another thing someone told me, "dude you have no chance without a gun, even with one you only have about a 3% chance." bullsh*t. even if it really was a 3% chance, i think i'd rather have that 3% chance to live than nothing, even the smallest percent is more than enough. if guns are banned, do any of you think criminals or "law abiding" citizens will abide by it? though they may be faulty, some criminals know how to manufacture their own guns. despite being faulty, they are still guns, and they can still kill. therefore, in a society with outlawed weapons, a massive black market will arise with criminally manufactured weapons and weapons that already exist. the same thing is going on for marijuana, cocaine, and meth, and the method of sale and purchase is no different for guns. how? because drugs are illegal, and if guns are too, then they will just be circulated the exact same way. clearly we can't trust our the people and criminals with guns, but we can trust them to follow the laws? we would ultimately create more criminals because a majority of the 90 million gun owners like myself would not abide by it. if guns are banned, it wouldn't prevent suicide. people will just start hanging themselves or drive off a cliff. i don't believe everyone should have a gun. law-abiding citizens who know how to use it should. by no means should anyone who is mentally insane, a felon, or simply ignorant be able to use one. keep in mind anti-gun people complain about accidents or tragedies that happen because someone didn't know how to use a gun. you are, in fact, one of those people who does not know how to use a gun. therefore, you are helpless, ignorant, and have no right to tell people who do know how to use guns what to do.
semi-automatic guns shoot single rounds.... so we can't have pistols but are allowed to only used 12 gauge pump shotguns or hunting rifles?
of course not it is our right as defined by the constitution to have the right bear arms and pluss do you really wan only people who got there guns illegaly to have them??
this is a very flawed point of view. for one, guns are meant for self defense and to fight wars. even if we did ban guns people will still get them, how do you think people get weed? keeping guns legal would keep the black market activity down and with people without guns it would be so easy to rob someone's house. besides you can't carry a cop around with you now can you?
that is why we have a license for certain guns.... you drive a car knowing the risks and that you can die from driving them, people still drive them anyways.
wow, if someone was robbing my house with a gun i wouldn't be playing high noon with them....
i would like to add that we are a constitutional republic.
the second amendment was created for the following reasons: deterring undemocratic government, repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection, facilitating the natural right of self defense, participating in law enforcement and slave control in slave states (no longer applicable). so the second amendment is in place so people can kill other people under certain circumstances, that is of course what guns are for in the first place. theres good reason why 12 year olds can't vote, or for that matter own guns.
well if you would like more gun restriction why not just move to chicago where they are basically banned. first of all, you do not have a right to safety, if your friend was acting in a negligent manner with his firearm and breaking the law then he shall be prosecuted. to demand that other people forfeit their rights as guaranteed by the constitution so you can gain a false illusion of safety and security is absurd, although sadly this is the view of many today. just about every downfall of a free nation to a totalitarian one begins with irrational fear, then the removal of human rights in the name of public safety. in regard to your "problems". 1. whether or not you object to being in an unsafe situation is irrelevant, you are responsible for your own safety in the end. don't like it? too bad, as i said being safe is not a right, it's your responsibility. easy solution, don't hang out with that guy. 2. people like this do not supply the black market in significant numbers, as most gun owners are not this irresponsible, although a lot of illegal guns are stolen and straw purchases. but nonetheless, it really makes no difference where they come from because as long as there is a demand, there will be a supply, if they can no longer steal guns, they will illegally import them, if they can no longer import them they will fabricate them themselves. don't think that is possible, then you are very ignorant of reality because they can fabricate fully automatic assault rifles in third world countries with primitive tools and skills, and i have even seen cases of people making a .22 handgun in a state prison. this argument is so exhausted there's no other word for it than stupid. and it's not just guns, it's the prohibition of anything. this country has proved beyond a reasonable doubt that banning any type of item does not work, and in fact only makes the problem significantly worse. it has not worked with alcohol, the war on drugs is an even more impressive failure and waste of money, it has not worked with the current restrictions on firearms, and will not work with any further ones. if gun restrictions worked in this country, chicago and dc would be the safest places in america, in which they are not, and vermont and new hampshire would be the most dangerous.
"a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed." i find is odd all the responses, so far in the debate, have not touched on the main reason, in my mind, why i would never let the law makers take the 2nd amendment away. it's not for the protection of home invaders, it's not for hunting and it's not even for attacks on the street, it's for protection from the powers to be. i believe the main reason we should all support the 2nd amendment is to keep the power of gun ownership in our hands and not in the hands of the government. if all american citizens loose their right to gun ownership the only ones left with the guns are the police.... and this is a scary thought.
strongly agree! "if guns were against the law only criminals would own one."
hell no! guns should definitely not be banned. some people in this country depend on guns to kill animals for food. guns don't kill people. people kill people.
no, but they should be registered, and concealed weapons and handguns should not be carried in public.
not banned, but it would be reasonable to restrict and regulate access to guns like in europe.
no because the second amendments says and i quote "a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."
absolutely not. in fact, if we force everyone to carry a .40 s&w;than crime rates will drop dramatically. my question is, as a criminal, will you attempt to kill someone if everyone else in sight is carrying a large handgun? a .40 s&w;is a large handgun, and will drop the toughest people in 3 shots. something else you must keep in mind is that if we outlaw guns, the only people with guns will be outlaws, this leaves no defense for law abiding citizens. now on to several specific types of guns these idiots wish to outlaw. shotgun: a shotgun is not concealable, no one carrying a shotgun is going to get very far before being detained, or with the "shall carry" law, possibly shot. a shotgun does way too much damage for you to carry it into public with positive intents. anyone who kills a shotgun wielder can get away with the third degree. next semi auto: semi-auto is used by people wishing to reduce recoil, people hunting with poor aim, or someone who needs self defense. finally the ak: someone said you don't need an ak to take out a deer, first of all, the ak is a semi-auto weapon if it is legal. second, the 7.62x39 shell is considered small for a deer, yes that is right, the ak-47 is a small gun. third, it is very reliable. people want ak-47s so they can literally bury them in sand when things are peaceful, dig them out, and shoot them when things get bad. fourth: it is a collectors item. anyone who supports the banning of guns doesn't know enough about them to make an informed opinion, and isn't willing to learn more, and would rather live in ignorance than try to correct their views. as a side note, all of you tote your numbers. whether the u.s.a. has the highest gun death rate of all countries, i don't know, many of these numbers are incorrect. still, if we ban guns, and get every gun off the streets, people will find something else to kill each other with, i could kill someone with a rose if i wanted. either way, if the u.s.a.'s numbers are as high as you claim it is because you can not kill someone with a gun with a dagger, so instead of going with the dagger, more people go with the gun.
woah! what did you say? been bad in britain? im british, and very anti guns, and i find this down right insulting! just like the us smear campaign abour the british nhs. lets do the maths here uk gun related homicide in 1998 - 2000 = 14 us gun related homicide in 1998 - 2000 = 9,369 "but wait!" i hear you say! "what about the population difference!" so lets factor in the populations and do this per capita uk = 0.00102579 gun murders per 1,000 people us = 0.0279271 gun murders per 1,000 people wow, sombody was wrooong, but wait it gets better the results were ranked! uk = 32nd highest gun murders per capita us = 8th highest gun murders per capita! and guess what! it was a 32 nation report! meaning the uk had the lowest gun crime rates of them all! source: seventh united nations survey of crime trends and operations of criminal justice systems, covering the period 1998 - 2000 (united nations office on drugs and crime, centre for international crime prevention) another thought, did you ever think to realize that the strong violence in strict gun law places came before the laws did? the laws are strick because the violence got bad, and the laws were made after to try to stop it.
well a gun is different than big macs and knives, because a gun was solely designed to kill things. and when someone says guns don't kill people, people do, that's like saying pencils don't draw, people do. you draw with a pencil. you kill with a gun. it would be impossible to get rid of guns. of course it would be a bad thing because people love their guns for hunting, killing, etc. if your "great purpose" of guns is death, than yes, they do serve a purpose. it's my personal belief that violence and hate only results in more violence and hate. if america stopped killing people, no one would hate us. the two reasons why people use guns in america: 1. get things like money, power, respect (kill people, hold up stores, stuff like that) 2. protect us from each other because we want money, power, etc. if we all had equal money, power, and respect, there wouldn't be any competition, therefore no hate, no greed, etc. we can outlaw guns all we want, but we're always gonna find ways to kill people. you gotta attack the root of the emotion that makes people want to use guns to make people realize gun's won't get any real work done.
really?! that's interesting. riddle me this: how would one stop a criminal with a gun who is committing a crime?  you're joking, right? you don't think peoples lives have been saved because they carry a firearm? why do you think people choose to carry guns in the first place? because they want to shoot someone? let's look at big picture, for a moment: guns protected the life and liberty and freedom that you now take for granted in this country.
a ban on guns would be about as effective as the illegalization of drugs. regardless of the law, a determined addict will always get his fix. a determined criminal will always find a gun. and the law to ban guns will only serve to disarm the law-abiding, leaving more people at the mercy of a criminal element. the only true solution to ending gun violence is to end all violence, but that is impossible by nature. a killer without a gun will use a blade or blunt object, as they do even today. if you ban guns, violence and death will continue. ban the guns, and the knives, and the ropes, and the rocks, and the fists. the "gun" is just a tool. it can be used to help, as well as harm. it is the character of the man who holds responsibility for the gun that determines how it is used. ask yourself this: would a gun in your hands bring only death and destruction? if you were educated about, and familiar with the weapon, would you be forced to shoot simply because it was there? could you envision a scenario in which the gun you held might save your life? watch "america's most wanted" on saturday nights. with every scenario you see, ask yourself if the victims of those crimes might be alive today if they carried a gun. a simple internet search for instances where a firearm saved lives, and a few minutes of careful reading are all that you should need.
a ban on guns will do nothing for america except make it hard for farmers. most of you have probably heard about australia banning guns after the port arthur massacre. we didn't ban all guns, just most of them, because our farmers need them and our police need them. we also made it near on impossible to get a license to carry them. what i saw was friends burying their guns in the back yard, wrapped up in oiled cloths and stowed away in pvc pipe, rather than hand them in. i saw farmers, now unable to use their semi-automatics, who started to complain of repetitive-strain injuries because of the sheer number of times they had to work the bolt action on their rifles when culling cattle (we were smack-bang in the middle of a drought... it was kill or let starve). sure, gun-related violence went down. but violence in general didn't go down. it simply switched to different forms of violence. and if this country ever gets invaded, they've now got a population that can't fight back.
even if guns are outlawed, they would be smuggled in like any other drug. so outlawing guns won't make much of difference except it will be harder to get guns, besides guns are also used for sports so why ban them?
never bring a knife to a gun fight !!!! i dont want to be the person with a bat or knife when a robber comes through my house with a shotgun.
well yes guns kill people but not just people animals too. but honestly i don't think they should be banned look cars, and more stuff kill people but no one is banning that. i do think some guns should be for protection also knifes, spray but when it comes down to it where is it? your gun will be right next to you for emergency. but guns should be used for gangs or kill someone because something went wrong and you hate them, no its for needs not bad!
well i doubt guns shoot by themselves, nor have feelings to kill. all depends on the user/owner and how they use it.
i think if u have to ban a gun for ,excuse my language, retards kiling peouple.the goverment should step in and watch better ill postt more later.:)
ever since the dawn of time mankind has killed each other, cain killed abel, he didn't use a gun. guns are tools, tools for self defense and hunting. just like cars are tools for driving. cars don't drive, people drive. guns don't kill, people kill. anyhow, cross the border gun selling would still happen. if you make a law to stop people who already brake the law, does that really help? no, it helps the thugs. because now law abiding american citizens have less protection. good job hippies, you are making more likely for that pretty lady who lives on your street to get raped, or that wealthy old couple to get robbed.
first, ak-47s have to be semi automatic to be available for civilian use. second, dogs are good for protection, but mainly intimidation. (i have a german shepherd and a great pyrenees so i'm not saying dogs aren't good for keeping your house safe). a bullet in a dog will stop any breed of dog you have, even if it is a 100lb+ dog. also, guns are great for protection. if you have a shotgun, a robber that just hears you when you cock it will think "#@$%!" and if it comes to it, a homeowner will normally pull the trigger in self defense (be sure to get him good in the first shot because only the first shot counts as self defense, all the other shots are assault =d). pepper spray and tasers are do not have the stopping power to save you from a criminal. if s/he is flailing on the ground he can still pull the trigger, and might hit you. lastly, what has america come to when you have to move your home because of crime rates? if you want to save money, buy a gun and any other form of defense you want.
as my father always says, "guns doesn't kill people, dad's with pretty daughters do" on a real note, i will always be packin and i don't care what no one thinks. but the gun doesn't kill anyone, its the person that decides to pull the trigger
guns are an awful thing. this world would be so much better without them.
guns don't people. people kill people by using guns as a weapon
no guns dont kill people, people kill people. and same with the knives, cars, and your lil big macs son you ah bum. its the choice of the poeple.... bum
yup yup your wrong there bum. people need weapons to protect their liquor stores from being robbed by your people bum. u.s. is supposed to be in caps you uneducated bum. i buy your people bum.
democrats all the way son!!! obama obama obama... republicans are bums
yous a jock bum son stick to football girl. so what your favorite football team?
yous a bum i should smash on you for talking like that........................
na uh bum it was actually started for sporting events and protection bum. the winchester family was wht started the killing bum. first of all bum they are normally used in a cause of rape, not robbery, robberry is ranked low in the standing bum.
yes because not only can people kill others they can kill themselves
people kill each other!! they could be used to kill or assanate the pres
guns don't kill people, people kill people. except, of course, when a snake squeezes the trigger.
however, japan has an extremely peaceful society (except for the yakuza), and they have a ban on most forms of weaponry.
son of a bitch you suv vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv efrhbrhejfbhfr dhbfrbdbfdmbddjnd dnjdbnedsjndbndf
we are talking about guns here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i agree exactly what i would say some people can be idiots with guns
there should be no guns at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol . .
this is why we ban guns isn't it?
in my opinion, everyone in this country that is over the age of 18 should be allowed to carry a gun. now before you get offended, let me state my case. if everyone had a gun then i feel that crime would go down because criminal would be less inclined to commit a crime against someone that they know has a gun just like theirs. now some may argue that giving guns to people will lead to people getting killed because of arguments or intoxication. to these people i say, those that would kill eachother off are really doing our society a favor because if they are willing to commit murder then really they are uncivilized and are a threat to the law abiding citizens of this nation. thats just how i feel and i'm sorry if i offended anyone that has had a relative killed due to gun violence. i am sorry for your loss and i don't want to tarnesh the image of your loved ones but if they had also had a gun then the asshole (i think this word is appropriate) that killed them wouldn't have been able to end their lives so easily. again i am sorry if anyone feels offended by this.
all that means is there is two less idiots in the world. wait let me rephrase that, one less idiot and one less person that has the tendencies to commit murder. win win in my opinion. and virginia tech was not an "incident," it was a massacre. if all the students had also had guns then there is no way that asshole could have killed as many innocent people as he did. my condolensces to the families of the victims.
bad people use guns to kill good people! so yes, guns should be banned in america!
they would shoot the criminal so they can protect themselves, their money, their family, or a friend. guns are illegally imported from south america every day. criminals are already breaking the law, what would they care if they just broke one more law? by the way, guns end wars.
your speaking like a communist. "if we all had equal money, power, and respect, there wouldn't be any competition, therefore no hate, no greed, etc." if guns were never invented people would use bows, knives and swords to kill people.  weird, last i heard, people hunt animals with guns.  you can also draw with a pen, and kill with a knife. guns and pencils are tools, they have similar tools that can do the same purpose, too. it's the people who pull the trigger, stab the blade, draw on the paper, etc.
what about hunting? anyway, guns are illegally imported everyday. if there was a gang that was coming into my house, trying to rob me, i would want my gun to kill them.  that's not true. if it is, then show me a link. in a australia they band guns, and guess what? crime went up drastically. bad guys are always going to have weapons, it's just a fact. so, shouldn't me or you have the right to protect ourselves?
his argument sounded much more thought out then yours. i'm just sayin'
and virginia tech was not an "incident," it was a massacre. if all the students had also had guns then there is no way that asshole could have killed as many innocent people as he did. my condolensces to the families of the victims. if all the students also had guns, there'd be massacres on a regular basis. guns don't kill people, people do, but people with plastic butter knives kill far fewer people than people with guns.
guns should be banned because all it would cause is more crime rates in america and yes i know even if guns get banned people would still find a way to get but at least there won't be so much crime going as it would be if it gets banned
guns don't kill people, i kill people. lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
the police will do an excellent job at investigating the murder of you or your loved one but they will not protect you from it happening. those that are so against gun ownership and concealed carry have never been the direct victim of a violent crime.
no matter how many gun laws are in effect the only people that will obey them are good law abiding citizens. i am a police officer in pa and we find guns made with wood and pipe a criminal can make a gun for under 2.00. if we ban guns the only people that will be armed are the criminals. it is a fact that murder and violent crime is at a 45 year low and gun ownership is at a all time high. guns for good guys save lives
personally i like guns ?? you can do many things with them ? spray water ??? squirt juice in your mouth ??? many things ! <3
guns dont shoot people, people shoot people. it is impossible for a gun to have feelings of atred to shoot someone they dont like whereas it is normal for people to feel hatred. i understand that yes some people have times where the really 'hate' someone but how can it go from hating someone to killing them with a gun?? &yess;guns and cars sometimes are used to kill people but it is more known that a gun is used to kill someone. if guns were banned we wouldnt have any of these arguments i just think that if the law didnt invent guns being legal then no one would really care ?? bann gunssss now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank youu'xx
can i ask why you find guns so good, why do you like themm ??
guns do kill people ... with laughterr !!!!! :l =))) ...... !!!!!! wahahahaa
.iam glad you find yourself funny, it wouldnt be so funny when something like this happens to you :|
because they make cool noises ........ bang bang ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
.are you for real ? snakes clearly cant squeeze the traigger&even;if they didi it clearly isnt all the time'xx
.bang bang to you biatch, the also make the noise of a screaming peson
then a thud as they fall to the ground ... dead injured :) :-*
.knives&cars;may kill people but it clearly isntt deliberate, yes there is sometimes hit&runs;but there are more gun deaths than anything. ban guns now !!!!!
.i really dont find you funny, there are many people out there who have lost family because of people like you. you should be locked up&the;key flung away .
i own many guns and i have only killed 3 people ????? theres no excuse to kill above 5 people :o only a monster could kill more than 5 people :p
.only a monster could kill even one you sick mother fr
i seen you choke that prostitute the other day ? im pretty sure that counts as you killing her .... dont be a silly billy now dee .. dont kill prostitutes ... they make men feel good ... <3
.i thought i got away with that now you are brodcasting it on the internet you hoe
well ... i suppose people deserve to know not to flaunt their private parts in your face but did you need you use your thong to choke her ?
.it was all i had you know iam not that strong. all i can say to you is that i may have used a thong but at least i didnt use a gunnnnnn!!!!!!
fair enough :) .............................................................
.we arent talking about that anyway :-" gun crimes in ametrica are tremendosly higher than any other country because of people like you ?????
they are killing people. ban them now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
people like me ??? what you givin it ? ¬¬ i dont even know what a gun is ????
.if guns were banned things such like amo&things;used to build guns would be banned to so how could they build their own????? explain that to me now
prohibit guns where appropriate. do not ban guns when guns are the tools of man.
happnen cheif xx so what do you think about guns x i think that they are great & i love shootin mine in all directions xx
read the news of the weird; it happens all the time.
whatever the constitution says must be right, eh?
guns don't kill people on their own. people kill people by using guns. and besides, do you think a lot of gang members buy their guns in a gun shop? nope... most gun crime comes from gangs and criminals who get their guns illegally. the legal guns are owned by the police, home owners (for protection), and hunters, etc.
cee, shut up man? nobody care's what you think. your opinion isn't needed in this community ya dooshhhhhh!
.guns are a waste of fuckingg time, ban them now!!!!!!!!!!!!
,disagree mate!xx people dae it delibrately ya stupid person. why else d'yi hink it's called murderrrrr!xxxx
gun's are baaaaaad crack. they should so be banned, too many young people can access them too easily! ban now!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.go&take;a josie jump yaa mongo :-" your the stupit oneee yaa fudnut'xxxxx
.exeactlyyyy f it wasnt for smelly old retardsssss usingg gunss they way they arent ament to be used then they wouldnttt need to beee banned no wittt am sayingggggg lad'sssssss!!!!!!
guns don't kill people? , rappers doooooooo!!!!!!!!! hahahahahaha
is that a confession? do you realise someone could read that and think you are being serious, you need to think about what you are claming you weirdo!
.doubt it doesss yaaa mong =]] ifff yourr seeing it on the t.v then you must be in a differentt world from me :-?? cause not onece in all myy years of being alive have i come acrosss a snakeee killing someone with a gun.
ewwww? be real !! you must be trippin mate? get a lifeeeeeee.
.youuvee got abouttt 15 off the things big onesss, hand gunsss, and even double barreldd ones.
aye dee we kno wit yer sayien likeeee (l)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.gladddd someoneee n'att doesss josieeeee maaa mannoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.daddyssssssssssssssssssssssssssss girllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll l-)
first of all, if you are incapable of spelling out the queen's english, then don't bother typing out all your gibberish. what i wrote was the complete truth; there have been many cases where a gun was left unattended, a snake came and wrapped itself around the trigger, and shot somebody. similar incidents have also occurred with many, many other animals - not the least of which is the dog.
is it not most important to please in the bedroom?
unlike you, i've both a life and a brain.
if you go to the bathroom and miss...., you won't be getting any in the bedroom ;)
and of course, it is not always done in the bedroom; it can be done in the bathroom, living room - hell, it can be done anywhere there's enough room for two people to hump.
the truth is, if we ban guns, criminals will want them even more and there will be increased crime. defend gun with gun, not with law.
guns don't kill...people do. outlawing guns will only make them popular and worth more money, like prohibition. people will get rich quick buying and selling under the table. it's like abortion. i'm completely against it. i think it should be considered murder, but i'd rather people murder safely so that the baby and mother don't die.
listen here ya dooshbag :d shutup+away hump yer hawn ya decrepit fuck 8-> !xxxxxxxxxx'
you bein serious? you need tae sign yerself into fraggle or somethin pal kos your goin off the rails ;) !!!!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!xxxxxxxxxxxx
ahahaha agreeedddddd =))=)) !xxxxx mad tramp that she is :d !xxxxx
spoken (er, written) like a true idiot.
regardless of whether or not you think guns cause more harm than good, this is not the issue. we have a constitutional guarantee, a right to bear arms. we cannot simply disregard the constitution when we don't like what it says. the right to bear arms, is a check on the government. it was set in place to ensure that if the government oversteps it's boundaries that the collective will of the people, could if necessary revolt and start from scratch. it is meant as a last resort against tyranny.
yes, because 'gang-bangers' got their guns from legal sources to begin with? banning guns will stop gun violence, like the prohibition stopped people from drinking. all this would do is create a greater demand for an illegal gun trade. and again, i must reiterate, that we still have a constitutional guarantee to own guns.
i think this whole argument is ridiculous! read the second ammendment people! the people who use guns to kill people will not be stopped by a dumb law like this! one should have the right to defend themselves with a gun! killingis already prohibited by law, there is already a law relating to this.
this is one i've been wanting to see for a while now. it'd be absolutely ridiculous to ban guns,why would you even want to do that. so what,people are using them for bad reasons. that comes natural with being human,we have to expect some people to misuse and abuse the things that can be of good use to others. it's just like the debate on whether they should ban rated m video games or not,it's just pitiful. if we're going to ban guns,we might as well bans knives,fireworks,and even computers. anything can be used to hurt people,that doesn't mean that it's always used for negative reasons. if they are going to ban guns,then they might as well just ban everything else that's negatively used...ha good luck with that
statistics actually show that areas where owning guns is allowed has a lower burglary rate than areas that don't allow it. besides, banning guns isn't going to make it disappear, just like how illegal drugs are banned, though millions keep on consistently use them.
if we disarmed all the law abiding citizens, the criminals would have no resistance. criminals won't obey the law and get rid of their weapons, that is why they are criminals. besides, i see something huge coming. call me a conspiracy theorist but i feel i will need my guns to protect me very soon.
if people don't like guns, then don't buy them. i hate rap music, i don't buy any. i don't need to ban it, i just choose not to own it. my having a gun doesn't affect any of my neighbors because i use it legally. it is the criminals you need to worry about and banning guns won't stop them from having them.
but most burgerlery's happen when you arn't even home, in which case the gun is mostly likly to be stolen itself. now a criminal has a gun in his hands
both guns and knives kill people, but guns are way more effective at doing so, that's why we send soilders over seas with guns and not knives, and that is why guns should be banned because they are too effective as weapons
all guns are used for is killing, they are weapons. that is why we should outlaw them, because all they are made to do is kill. sure you can kill with other things, but most homicide weapons are guns.
guns are made to kill, if not then can you tell me how they can be used without shooting at somthing?
actually austrailia has one of the lowest gun mortality rates in the whole world
most guns used in murders and homicides are obtained illegally. it's also in our constitution, saying that wear have the right to bear and keep arms. having open carry laws would actually decrease crime. if you see somebody with a gun, you aren't going to be stupid enough to try and rob them are you? it's also a way to defend ourselves, many crimes are preventable if the victim had a way to defend themselves. there are also ways to get people to use and keep guns responsibly. gun safety classes and marksmanship classes.
better than playing dead... after all dead men have trouble forming coherent sentences
that depends on the person, an elderly person or computer nerd, or any other stay at home person, will be at home. someone with a very active life might not. secondly, most robberies (42%) take place on the streets. only 14% of robberies are home invasion, which normally happen between 8:00 pm and 3:00 am. opinions/guesses aren't facts. http://www.villageofshorewood.org/index.asp?type=b_pr&sec;={2a109e2c- 125d-4c1e-a715-3f26bbf88779}&de;={c34b1308-922e-4a81-bb1b-69b4de0d64b8} 
i never said they had a high gun mortality rate, but they have a high crime rate (compared to before the gun band.)
i saw that on an imao t-shirt a while ago. along with, "if you are nervous around guns, down that bottle of whiskey before going to the range" and "no matter how excited you are about buying your first gun, do not run around yelling 'i have a gun! i have a gun!'"
we are not a democracy, we are a republic. in case of a military coup', or a bad president somehow holding on to power, we need guns.  the us armed forces has 1.5 million personnel. the population is about 350 million. currently 21.6% of americans own a firearm. thats 1.5 million v.s. 60 million. and we have all economic powers on our side. its hands down, bp and other gas stations have the gas the military needs, and we also have the food they need. we might even be one of the few countries left who's citizens could defeat the military. also, i just realized this, but in the event of wwiii, we could have 60+ million soldiers. along with the 44% of the world's military budget, we could easily conquer the world. http://wiki.answers.com/q/what_percentage_of_americans_own_guns 
guns being effective is a good thing. if i was a 40 year old man with a wife and kid, and someone barged into my house trying to rob/harm us, i would shoot him. also, guns being effective is great for hunting, i've seen people try to hunt with bows, it's insanely hard.
i never said i was original ;)
alright were talking about america we dont like socialism in america. and for the record people use guns for sport and for hunting.
if today we were to ban guns all the law abiding citizens would give up their firearms and protection. guess what? the criminals wouldn't give up their guns and they would have a field day breaking into stores,banks, and homes. and when you are the on laying on the floor and watching your possessions being stolen and your family raped and killed without anything to defend yourself then its on you. if you live in some fantasy that the world is perfect and the police can always protect on a moment notice you can pretend whatever you want. us on the other hand want some protection.
yeah and we all know how fast insurance money comes in right?
hey i'm all for gun rights but not on campus. think of all the hormonal students waking up early every morning (god knows what they did last night) and going to class with a sidearm in their jacket. what happens when a fist fight between two boys turns into a shootout. then the next thing you know someone sees their friend getting shot at and they pull a gun. next thing you know theres about ten kids with guns drawn shooting at each other. i think that might create a few more deaths on a regulaur basis than once in a schools lifetime a single shooter. but i remeber hearing that in one school shooting students had shotguns in their car that they got to and they brought down the attacker. i think that is acceptable but not unregestered guns in students back pockets.
hey did someone say revouloutinairy war, did someone say vietnam?
nooooo! they could punch each other.... oah and they could run each other over with ford f-150s... i honestly think thoose could be more deady than a pistol in some cases.
you forgot in a pew. "and then, moses turned the staff- 'into my ass honey! into my ass!"
guns do not kill people . a gun doesn't have a mind of its own . a gun can not pull it's trigger by itself . there has to be a person on the other hand to pull that trigger . that person kills people not the gun . on the other hand every thing else you said i totally agree with you .
that's your opinion and i respect that, but, there still is a chance of a rapist invading your home. if you fall down the stairs, maybe one in a thousand times you will break your neck. i know that is a small chance, but the consequences for that small chance are drastic. also, just shouting "i have a gun!" at a robber, will scare them away. especially if they can't see you, you speak in as low a voice as possible, and with as much confidence as you can muster. then, cocking your weapon wil double the effect. in 1995, an 85 year old man's house was robbed, he shot and killed the robber. later, the police confiscated his weapon. three days after that, another robber came into his house, the 85 year old man's body was found strangle in his room. neighbors say he would have been ok if he had had his .22 rifle. they also said he was commonly robbed, when people would see him working in his backyard.
none of you understand, stopping the selling of guns won't stop criminals. it will allow them to get away with more. you people fail to realize if someone is intent on committing a crime they will most likely get a gun, stopping the selling of guns will just restrict civilians from protecting themselves. if someone wants a gun for a bad purpose... they most likely will get one illegally and it probably wont be as hard as most of you seem to think. gun ban = no civilians can protect themselves using a firearm = criminals can illegally purchase guns, like tons already do. you people are stupid
can a gun kill someone? yes, but it can't fire without someone or something pulling its trigger! if we ban guns we have no defense against the criminals who get their guns illegally. it is easier for them to rob houses and stores if the criminal knows the other person has no good defense.
if we ban guns we are going against the 2nd amendment (the constitution)!! citizens have the right to bear arms!
look at china, uk, australia...homicides in general and crime rates have risen since their gun bans...yeah sure they're less gun deaths but they're more deaths in general. search up "china stabbings" on how 1 knife killed 11 people. guns take life, guns save lifes. having no guns just will cause lives to be lost.
guns are need by people outside of the armed forces. if the government told us to turn our guns in it would lead to more violence. criminals who do not follow the laws will keep their guns or get them illegally. in australia, the government banned weapons in 1996, after a publicized shooting. immediately after the ban, armed robberies rose by 73 percent, unarmed robberies by 28 percent, kidnappings by 38 percent, assaults by 17 percent, and manslaughter by 29 percent. the united kingdom had similar results. we have the right to bear arms and to protect our life and freedom even if you think we don't.
if we look closely, guns don't kill people. people kill people. but there are millions of ways to die and everyday, it is a miracle to stay alive. if guns are taken off the streets, then something is going to replace guns. instead of a gun, a criminal might threatened me with a bat. now, should we then ban bats? that is like banning the yankees and the red sox. lol we should not ban guns, but we should limit guns. we should limit guns to the people who can protect us...the law enforcement; police officers; the people that know how to use guns. you can take the guns out of the mafia. but you cannot take the mafia out of the crimes. i bet if the mafia does not have guns, they will still comit crimes.
you might say that guns kill people but they also protect people. guns should not be banned because defenseless people need some way to defend them selfs at home from robbers or who ever tries to harm said person. in way guns to hurt people, but the ultimately protect people as well.
if you're alone at night in a park within the rough part of the inner city, you need a gun. if guns were banned, someone with a knife might come up and rob you easily. guns can kill people but they also provide a lot of protection. plus, if someone really wanted to kill someone else, he would, gun or no gun.
to argue one side or the other, in terms in single events, is silly. the argument is death, because of the nature of a gun. rarely is it so one sided. why do people fixate on one topic? to focus on one issue as the core is illogical. 1) first note, yes, guns can kill people, but ultimately people kill people. basic logic. this is an argument of purpose and existence. just because something exists doesn't mean it has purpose, and if an object has purpose it has existence. what is the purpose of the firearm? many. yes, killing is one of them, but there are so many others (for example, the enjoyment of shooting large pumpkins...and yes, i do). equally so, i could argue that as a human, you were created to breed and kill on the whole in order to survive as the fittest, but modern theories and cognition seem to provide a greater degree of purpose to humanity. of course, most of it is bs. 2) equating lower crime rates due to the ban of guns is absurd. japan has a peaceful society because after world war 2, and as terms of their surrender, many impositions were put on them. as such, the country turned inward and began the foundation of modern japan. make no mistake, guns or not, the japanese were not exactly the epitome of peace up until recent times. the idea of self is not priority to the japanese. subsequently, this level of stress in japan has given them the highest suicide rate in the world. death by gun? probably not. death by , sure! key topic here, death. the uk with it's gun ban has seen a healthy increase in knife violence. from what i also read, gun crimes actually went up as well (yes, the nasty black market). but if you look at most statistics, the majority of these crimes are concentrated in heavily populated areas (this seems to corroborate with worldwide trends.). see my argument #1...people kill people, especially when you cram them in a small, stinky space. human nature. take away one thing, we'll either find it another way or find a substitute. 3) the constitution. the right to bear arms has been beaten to death. the 2nd amendment was created in order to have a readily available militia, amongst a other minor things. home defense? sure, why not. the gun nuts (and i do own guns) tend to use this as a giant hammer, crying to the call of freedom. ridiculous. get over it. it's ok to say "i shoot guns because it's fun and makes me happy". no shame in that. the ultimate issue is a pandoras box, which actually applies to all kinds of ideas and objects. an idea or object is released to the world, and we want to tuck it away never to be seen again. this is setting everyone up for failure. conceptually, it's like making a statement to a group of people, then retracting it...not exactly the solution. guns should be legal, but reform should take place. emphasis higher education as a requirement (as in mandatory classes), mandatory firing instruction (as in, mandatory classes), and mandatory testing of such (book and field) before you can purchase a firearm. education people, that is the key to anything. will this solve the occasional gun crazies out there? no. but if you are spending your time worrying about the typical columbine or virginia tech stories, get over it. you're more likely to die from a car collision than getting shot. yes, i'll hear "you say that because it didn't happen to you", or "your wasn't shot at the grocery store". you are correct, and it's a luxury i have. it's called objectivity.
of course they kill people. bloody yanks. why is the combined iq of your population 4
if criminals followed gun laws, gun control would work great.
yes guns kill people,but it depends who is holding the gun.we need guns for wars,protection, if someone breaks in to your house what weapon would you chose a blunt object, a sharp object,or a gun.i choose gun!
guns should not be banned from america. the people that are using guns for stupid crap should be banned from america. guns are mostly for self defense and target shooting and things like that. there not for shooting random people that are innocent and had no reason to be shot. guns don't kill people, people kill people.
guns don't kill people, chuck norris kills people. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
even if guns were banned they would still be sold illegally but the hundreds of children dieing because they think its a toy wouldn't be here anymore if the police and the military kept their guns the criminals with the illegal guns would have a much lower gun supply. i am not american and in europe you need a license to buy guns which already by far lowers the crime rate. america or the world with out guns would be a better place with less shootings, by far. guns only protect from other guns and create firefights the military and police may need them but for what does anyone else need them? the police can protect you with no guns you aren't a threat to criminals and they wont have guns. i rest my case
look at murder suicide rates other places. it is a no brainer...
in england, people have realized that guns just create more violence and therefore, they have banned them. and it did them good. the us's murder rate is 15 times higher of that in england. (that's a lot!!!) most murders involve guns. the most common argument against banning guns is that people should be able to defend themselves. but most likely they would be defending themselves against guns. but if you got rid of guns, you wouldn't be needing to really defend yourself. yes people can get get killed other ways too, but guns are the most common way, and guns only are really used for violence. it takes a lot of rage, strength and energy to stab someone, but it only takes a twitch of a finger to shoot someone. guns should be banned!!!!
are you not thinking logically? guns purpose are for protection. why should we ban guns because they are bought and sold by people who should take more effort into who they sell these guns to that are inflicted and abused and sadly kill other people. why take away a right to every american to keep a fire arm for the sole purpose of protecting his/her loved ones, belongings or property, because of the mistakes and wrong intentions of disgusting, self-less and corrupt human beings. it is just like the bans on pit bulls. you put down an animal that's main intention inbedded in it's nature is to be mans companion. yet let the "man" who raised the dog from birth get a hefty fine and go unscathed? ridiculous, banning a product/thing, only create doorways for illegal markets, and bring ideas into the heads of thousands (just like they are finding ways now to abuse the right to own a fire arm) ways to still own and sell guns. it isn't going to make anything better, it's just going to make matters more dramatic.
do you really think that if the government were to try and take over, that your 22 in your gunsafe is going to hold off trained soldiers with automatic rifles? in today's society there is no reason for guns. the right to bear arms was fine when everyone had the same revolver or single-round chambered rifle, but things have changed a bit since then.
firstly, i am a trained soldier. and most soldiers never move their weapon's selector off semi. secondly, many civilians own rifles; my brother owns an ar-15 (legally). many hunters practically own an arsenal. there are many civilian based "militias" around the country. many military grade weapons are actually legal to own. certain miniguns are legal to own in many states, due to the sheer impracticality of committing a crime with them (due to their size). not to mention the number of weapons owned illegally. thirdly, if there was such an event where the civilian populace felt it needed to overthrow the government, i'm fairly confident many military members would resign or defect to join that cause. finally, there are 300 million americans and enough guns to arm everyman woman and child 3 times over, if the civilian population was determined enough, no military force on earth could stop them. determination is everything in war. remember we lost the vietnam war because we did not have the will to take the war to it's full conclusion, and we won the revolutionary war against a superior force because we had the will and determination to fight it until the very end.
the common counter-argument is: if you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have guns.
people who want to kill, will kill if you ban guns, they will kill with knives, or something else. when you ban guns murders will still happen. and criminals will get guns some other way if they have to. banning guns will leave citizens unprotected from the criminals who get guns illegally. allowing non-felon, non-drug addicted, non-psychiatric persons to carry guns for personal protection should be perfectly legal.
id er have to disagree with you on that. what if they steal some of youre valuable stuff, like computers, and flat screens. what if insurance companies dont cover that. oh right, youre next idea is probably to put this under guvernment control, as if the government dosn't control enough of our daily lives. at any rate, if someone broke into my home (how would they have gotten those guns with all the restrictions may you ask? simple, they would have stolen them illegally), i would defend my hard earned stuff. im not willing to risk it after working so hard to earn the stuff, only to have it stolen. and what if the intruder's aim is to kill me? am i supposed to just let him? maybe you people wouldnt mind, but i would. im not about to lay down my life for some random creep. i would prefer to live, personal preference you know? the only way to defend myself is to bear arms myself.
guns should be banned because although most of the time they don't do anybody real harm the police pose a threat and if they miss they could hit anyone. surely, even if somebody has robbed a sweet shop or something similar to that they should not be shot. that is a unnecessary.
clearly gun crime is a problem in some places. and when we look at gun crime we find it is prevalent in places where citizens have been restricted from having guns and the crooks have all the (illegal) guns. washington dc is an example. add to that the fact that gun crime (in an area) is not related to the guns law-abiding citizens have. its concentrated in high crime areas where gun laws are weakly enforced – at best. what we really need is more guns on the street.....legal guns
although bearing arms is a right in america according to the constitution, it should still be illegal! the u.s. constitution is broken beyond repair! guns are becoming more easier to purchase and people are becoming more insane.humans are killing more innocent people everyday! the only proper way to stop this epidemic would be to ban guns from all local citizens and only give guns to military or law enforcement!
maybe we shouldnt be looking at how people are being killed but who is doing it. fact is go in any prison and what color do you see? black and brown. so if your going to get a handle on violence then get rid of the problem causers not one of our only ways of defending ourselves from them
lets say a cop pulls someone over with a trunk full of dope and they have an illegally bought gun. then what? ask him to stop? no police need guns to keep the piece.
great idea! go run for senate. so what do we do with att the guns people have now? o lets go to their house and get them. ya thatll work since some of the people that own guns illegally dont even have a ss# cuz they snuck over here. police are not your personal body gaurd, it is your responsability to protect yourself. lets say 6 gangbangers jump you? they have no guns. just bats. what do you do? band baseball. ignorance isnt bliss
so do cars, and stds,and fast food, and radiaton from the sun. lets bann driving and sex and a quick meal and while were at it lets just cover the sun up to.
the police and military arnt your personal body gaurds.lets say 6 gangbangers jump you. then what? in europe you dont have illegall imagrants jumpin the border and robbing places. and forming gangs.
excactly. so protect yourself dumbass. if i was going top rob a house in an area guns were legal or not i would have a gun.because guese what if im breaking the law anyway might as well be a pro at it.
thats a niave and stupid comment, while driving etc is dangerous, the sole purpose of a gun is to kill people. cars are useful and when used correctly arent dangerous, could be wrong but im pretty sure without sex we'd become extinct, and without the sun wed die guns have the sole purpose to kill and theres no need to be allowed
with regards to "guns dont kill people on there own" no the dont however their sole purpose is to kill and without a gun it is harder to kill someone (granted you canuse other weapons however they are generaly less effetive and arentgoing to harm as man people) with regard to the fact that most gun crime is from illegl guns, in that case why not make all guns illegal. i maintain that making guns illegal would make it harder for people to get hold of them.
precisely what we are proposing, the fact that all guns will be illegal (aside from certain licenced people) will mean that guns arent allowed and no one has gunsmeaning that the only people with the guns are outlaws and can be dealt with through law
no because it is our right to be able to defend oneself, and those we love. remeber it does not mean attack those who are a threat, it means only using them to defend ourselves, as civilians. i personally do not find a need for one, because i have all the protection i need. jesus christ.
accoding to my statstics thats still a quater of the american homocide rate. also i dont tink that the knife crime is a valid arguement seing as im pretty sure you get more than 11 rounds in a gun. im not trying to argue that stopping guns will prevent crime, but im pretty sure that if the person in china had had a gun, it would have been a hell of a lot worse
no absolutely no ! if that ever occurs , the united states has fallen , it will be goodbye time to freedom
except that they haven't, can't, and won't be dealt with by the law. the same reason why banning alcohol during prohibition didn't prevent people from consuming alcohol, and the same reason why the current drug war doesn't prevent people from doing drugs. prohibition doesn't work! even if we wanted to ban firearms, we have a constitutional guarantee. the only difference this would do is to disarm law abiding citizens and to strip them of their constitutional rights.
that is a rediculous arguement, thats like saying, people still murder we may as well make it legal. and this is something i dont understand about you americans, why do you want guns so much? the only thing they are there for is to kill and harm others, the fact that you have some flimsy piece of paper saying you are allowed them doesnt make it right that you should. i dont see a single valid reason why you should have a gun and yet there are plenty of reasons that you shouldnt have them. as far as i am concerned you did not present one valid arguement there. the war on drugs we have to fight just like we fight the war on terrorism, it may not be sucessful but its far better than the alternative. the exact same is applied here
on the contrary, it's your spelling that is "rediculous". there is no such thing as a "safe" murder, murder inevitably always violates someone's rights. there is such a thing as "safe" gun ownership which itself violates nobody's rights, your comparison is nonsense.  because it is our constitutional right. because they allowed us to earn our independence? because we have a long and storied hunting culture.  well you're ignoring the fact that guns are also used for sport shooting, and hunting. not to mention the very fact that someone posses a firearm is often enough to scare off a would-be criminal. if this isn't enough guns have in instances been used to defend one's family against home intruders. they are also a safeguard against tyranny. if criminals aren't following the current gun regulations that we already have, what makes you think they are going to follow a prohibition on firearms? remember the united states is not an island, we will always have easy access to firearms whether they are legal or illegal.  this 'flimsy' piece of paper guarantees our rights as citizens, it protects us from our own government and it protects us from foreign governments. it has been the inspiration for other constitutions around the world. it extrapolates the views that unite americans as a people, and has been instrumental in our rise to dominance as a world power. it is the bedrock of my nation and it ensures my liberty. it may not mean a lot to you, but i defend this "flimsy" piece of paper with my very life, not the paper itself but the ideas and principals that it represents. if you don't understand this, you will never have an understanding that transcends your little cultural bubble.  i just listed a bunch of reasons: -we have a constitutional guarantee -recreational hunting -sport shooting -deters would-be criminals -safeguard against tyranny -protect home to say you didn't see a single reason is to say your eyes were closed. you cannot win a debate with denial. part of the fear of firearms is with negative cultural associations, particularly with gun crime, but firearms along with just about anything else can be misused, this is not in itself justification to ban or prohibit ownership of such possessions. knives are used almost as often if not more so in crimes than are guns, the reason nobody is pushing to ban knives is because knives don't have the same negative cultural association guns have. please give me the reasons you think we shouldn't be allowed to own firearms.  i think we should attempt to help drug addicts, but punishing people for an addiction is pure insanity. people are getting locked up even for harmless drugs like marijuana and yet many more dangerous drugs, more addictive drugs, are completely legal such as prescription drugs. the drug war, is complete bs, just like your argument.
but you missed the point that by making guns illegal, criminals are still going to smuggle them as much as they currently do. and their only purpose is not just for killing. i would love to own a gun just for show! like a vase or a painting. i'd also love to shoot a gun just for fun.
i only wish all people out there wanted it just for show, then i would have no issue with it. unfortunately im pretty sure that a majority of people want it for other reasons
it is time all the good guys and cops be trained to handle and carry guns. terrorist are waiting to come into our children schools. they are not there for show and tell. they are there to kill and kill. this why we need cops with guns and other good guys to stop the threat before our children our killed. they are out there just waiting for their orders to strike! did we forget about russia beslan school in 2004? 380 deaths and 783 injured! these cops did not have guns and had to wait for the russian military to come (and wait and wait, while innocent children was murdered!). just think what one armed trained cop or good guy could have done! don’t think for a second it couldn’t happen to your school or your children. it is time that citizen’s stand up for their unarmed cops/security and demand they are armed and trained.
if the government tries to take my guns they'll have to go through lots of bullets first plus the government would collapse and people would be killing the government for trying to take them. and i would help.........oh question do guns sneak out at night and go kill your neighbors and kill you......
you shout the criminal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thats why we have them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes and that "other reason" is protection. the only people who would buy a gun in a legal manner for an illegal activity are the kinds of people with nothing to live for or no common sense. either way, they are not going to use that gun very long.
i believe that there is a reason the police are trained with a knowledge of martial arts and there is also a reason why they have bullet proof vests and all of that.
what i do not understand is why the winning argument for this is 'no, guns don't kill people', when clearly they are a weapon used for harming or killing. there is no way a sane person can honestly say guns are good and the fact they exist is a great way to improve our planet!' guns are bad, they kill. however i realise that if there were a serious offence and someone attacked the police with a gun things could turn bad quickly. which is why i have tagged this as 'keep the guns, change the system'. perhaps they should change the law and copy the english where the police have guns in serious conditions but usually they leave them alone. any arguments? any arguments?
guns are two sided. they can protect you when someone breaks into your house, but they can hurt if someone pulls one on you.
guns dont kill people cause someone has to pull the trigger or be dropped people who want to ban guns have never felt the nice chill of fine steel in there hands
this question is ridiculous. no guns not should be banned. we have the right to own firearms. our country was made this way. keep it that way.
"a free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include their own government." -george washington "the liberties of our country, the freedom of our civil constitution, are worth defending at all hazards; and it is our duty to defend them against all attacks. we have received them as a fair inheritance from our worthy ancestors: they purchased them for us with toil and danger and expense of treasure and blood, and transmitted them to us with care and diligence. it will bring an everlasting mark of infamy on the present generation, enlightened as it is, if we should suffer them to be wrested from us by violence without a struggle, or to be cheated out of them by the artifices of false and designing men." -samuel adams
yes,your right but thats where the the problem is. people are taking advantage of our right to bear arms.
no!!! we are going to need our guns for when the shooting starts ;)
there are most certainly not more gun deaths than anything. in fact, cars kill more people than guns do. look up a fact or two before you hit submit.
have any of you actually seen bowling for columbine???????
ok let me say something and don't take offense for voicing my opinion. the very idea to ban a constitutionally gurranteed right is unconstitutional. i am sure that you live in a large city such as new york or chicago and work in a cubicle everyday isulated from all of the real threats the outside world presents. i can assure you that if some one broke into your house tonight and shot your family your opinions about the right to own guns would change. you would go out and buy a pistol and be waitinag for the chance to use it. i live in north carolina and this debate is close to my heart. i have seen first hand what happens when whistle blowers like you get involved and screw things up for our country. our country was based on the fact that a man could buy a gun and live out in the middle of no where and provide for himself. firearms do not kill people, the person pulling the triggger does that. the presence of a gun for protection or even for recreation should never be challanged and if you have a problem with guns in theis country go somewhere else. thank you
i agree with urstupid , no matter what . . stupid people will still buy guns illegally . they will find a way , and im not giving up my guns for nobody . i bought and payed for them the legal way . and if someone came in my home and tryed to rob or kill me i will have a gun to protect myself.
guns don't kill people, people kill people. they can use 92% of anything to do it not just guns paper, pen, baseball bat, glass cup, chair, hands,ect. the list goes on forever.
first of all let's set a side the hole guns kill people that's bs. guns kill people just as much as a pencil miss spells a word. people kill people. if we didn't have the right to bare arms then there would be no way to stop the goverment from taking us over. and for all of you who think the naming of guns will stop killing. your an idiot, people will buy and sell guns though the black marget. who ever said that guns don't stop a robber or any other criminal, last time a check three rounds of 9mm will stop a guy dead in his tracks. and for those who said 90% of rape, killing… guns don't stop there is one reasion. it's is becousethe victims don't have guns. should we allso put a ban on knives to.
first of who fires a gun a gun is an object that has no life. people control guns now guns in the hands of the public have actually done more good than bad. libya- people were able to gain guns and over throw a unjust ruler switzerland- it is by law to have a gun by the time your 21 and be trained with it. they have the lowest crime rate in the world.
like many have said, if guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns. law abiding citizens would have to break said law to protect their property and family because the millions of felons out there who have already purchased guns illegally would not turn theirs in. even if they never had bad intentions with them in the first place, spilling the beans that they even owned one would get them in trouble. i won't be turning mine in if the day comes. i hunt, which most city folk no nothing about with their processed foods and/or vegetarian ways. most of you on the other end of this debate probably never touched a gun, much less shot one before, and base your opinion on the decision that you simply have no use for them. deer have to be taken down with an arrow or bullet to be field dressed or taken to a processor. cows are different; they're stupid and will just walk right into the butcher shop. in a perfect world,(not my perfect world) say every firearm and ammo round was gone, everywhere. bad people could still kill you with a knife or heavy blunt object, and inside your bedroom where you should feel the safest, you could easily be cornered and stabbed or bludgeoned to death. i think any of you who wouldn't use a gun to protect yourselves won't use much of anything else to either. if you had lived in the country, and were raised up by a father that took you hunting, you wouldn't feel the way you do. i live in an area where people get murdered about as often as a lunar eclipse occurs, but i always keep a pistol close by. it's better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it! children brought up around guns have considerably more respect for them. when you hear of kids finding a gun and one shoots the other by mistake, i think of a yankee that never showed it to them, or taught them safe handling and i imagine he never shot it himself. if you are satisfied with the thought of curling up in a ball when an intruder crashes through your front door, by all means do. but, they are going to kill you if they want to. if somebody breaks through my door, i'm going to shoot them, and then ask them why they didn't knock. you can have my guns when you pry them from my cold dead fingers. people are just generally better once you leave the city. sure, there are still people living off of the system, but mostly people around here have to work to survive. it seems much easier for a criminal living in the city to kill and steal there, and walk around the corner to make a buck off the treasures obtained. god blessed texas! we have more guns than any other state, and by far the nicest people who would go out of their way to help a stranger in need. i've been broken down out of state more than once on a busy road, and helped change tires in florida and ll the way back across to here, and in every case it was hours before someone came along that gave a shit. here you'll have 3 pickups pulled in behind you in 10 minutes time, and that's on the road less traveled. if you don't respect our second amendment, you are a yankee, democrat, and a douche. and you probably use your horn more than 10 times a day. and you're probably a bit of a dick. you probably don't say a kind word to strangers either.
if guns or firearms were to be banned think of the unemployment rate that would increase greatly. firearm companies would go out of business because there would be no customers. the ammunition manufactures would go out of business also because of the lack of users. the economy is already unstable as it is. this is one of the many reasons why guns should not be banned!
if we did ban them it could turn into what the prohibition was: a time where alcohol (and now perhaps guns) is sold on the black market and sought after arguably even more. if we ban guns it'll give more power to organized crime and also take away an economic chunk from the usa (from selling guns, hunting etc.). it should also be noted that by banning guns it could cause social upset and people protesting their right to wield arms, thus causing civil unrest and cracks within society.
so guns take and save lives and for those people who are talking bout kids getting hurt cuase they think its a toy the parents of those kids should put the guns in safe's or somwhere where the children cant get to its called being responsible i mean sure some people are stupid and go buy a gun they know nothing about and either hurt themselves or somone their with. now the second reason to keep guns if you have a robber that comes into your house and you think oh just let them have it and you hide somwhere and they know your there they will find u and either kill u or rape u now see if u had a gun in a safe under or by ur bed and a robber breaks in thats when u role out of bed open the safe grab ur gun hide somwhere and when he tries to get shoot him in the stomach or chest who cares if he dies or not he was the one who took his chance on it by robbing you. and you should feel the need to get protection especially if you have children what if a rapist/serial killer breaks in do u wanna see ur kid get raped and killed that could have been prevented had you had a gun to protect yourself and ur family cus u better know that if i have a wife and kids or its just me i will grab my gun and shoot the idoit that tried to rob me. or lord help me if i have to stick up for somone who doesnt beleive in guns i would help him even if he could help himself just because some people are stupid doesnt mean they have to ruin it for the rest of us it called hunter safty for a reason and it does save lives and oh ya im 16 and i have the brains to know that guns save lives
but guns make it easier to deliberately kill people. much easier than with a knife. p.s. i've never heard of anyone being bludgeoned with a big mac.
' ' . .
i can't believe anyone would be okay with the second ammendment being broken! i may be very young and not understand as much or have that much experience but if we take away our guns we take away our rights. what if we were invaded? and all of our guns were banned? how the heck are we suppoesed to survive if we can't protect ourselves? how the heck do we cope if the government takes all of our weapons away? what if it's all a trap for the government just to take us down easier to control us easier? yeah it may sound outragious or stupid... but just think about it .... to stay on safe measures lets keep guns.
usa may not last forever then what? china is building a big army, why do you think that is, dumby? watch the movie darfur the slaughtered are also unarmed, you think it cannot happen here with the people in our country taking over by deciept. you folks which support gun control are lead by wolves, or dogs to the slaughter just like hitler lead the jews. look where their weak jews (not fighting back) attitude got them, slaughtered like you gun grabbers will be, slaughtered or taken to slavery. germans would not invade countries with armed citizens, mandated by law to have access to weapons, real weapons not just single shot. you jokers which are so for disarming our country are traitors, like cockroaches in our great society. you will never admit any facts, most have another agenda, we may not know the exact agenda, but you can be sure it is not an agenda to create a free society here in our great usa. you want to control, you are control freaks and listen to progressives agenda to control, you can not be changed. there is a study underway which may prove, you folks are the way you are because, you were dropped on your head when you were babies, or your mama got punched while you were in the womb. which caused brain damage. which is where the negative attitude comes from. gun grabbers throw rocks at the tanks and thugs when they come to rape your woman like happened in our own country just after the huricane. gun grabbers deserve what they get in the end, i trained my kids with the movie defience, as a training ground, somewhat true movie and the revolt started with taking a gun from another, jews lived because they fought back ... with a gun dumby. you dont want gun crimes, arm every citizen which is willing and mentally capable to defend themselves and others. 911 would not have happened if i was on the plane, or if someone like me and we were allowed to carry our firearms on board. i have 21 years of military service police service and high level emergency responder gun grabbers who are you?????????????? i am a defender of our constitution who are you defending, criminal friends??? or mayby you are playing footsy with china or thugs, which you will get guns anyway reguardless of your petty laws. jokers this is a stupid debate and won't change a thing with gun grabbers, they like the pain and lies they put out.
read the constitution, or founders knew you long before you were born. they protect you from yourself.
there is some wackos out there, to me you are one of them as well, and you dont need a gun. but i would never stand in the way of every perfect mental sane person owning a bazoka, machine gun or any other type weapon. i am a cop and 21 years military, who are you joker> take my rights away because you hang around the mentals.
man where are you coming from, what about china, have you studied the size of their military force, it is not to defend themselves. are you are a control freak, i can read into your writings, into power, or you have access to any weapon you want and want to keep that control from everyone else. i wish you lived in a location struck by the huricane, you could defended all those folks which was raped and killed in the hospitals, in our own country. you can bet you would have disarmed them as well. you cant stop guns, or crimes, or even drugs. i am also a cop but not a control freak. you should be defending the constitution not burning it down.
if every household which meet criteria was mandated to be armed with high level weaponry, it would increase the security of the usa. watch sons of guns, they have it right but that is rare in our society. we would fight back any threat, and may lose but at least we would fight rather than hide because of being disarmed.
in the old days kids went hunting and guns were a part of life, we had no issues with guns in the house. now with the gun grabber attitude yes there is a problem, return guns and teachings about guns to our kids to be responsible. my 3 kids are pro gun and they know how to use them responsibly. fact, your kids may need some work.
guns are inanimate objects, guns don't have fingers to pull their own triggers and aren't alive so how do guns "kill" people? i am a gun collector, and i have yet to kill anyone with any of my guns.
i agree with everything you just said, and defiance was a great movie!
if guns would be made illegal, then only criminals would have them. comforting thought, that one.
that just proves that only people who own guns go against making it illegal. the idea for banning guns is to make it more harder to get it, which is true. it will be more harder to get access with a gun, and therefore less people are shot.
every year 30,000 people die of gun shots in america, and still there are many states that don’t keep guns illegal. there are people who are afraid to get shot when they travel there; this is a sad fact. i argue that guns should be illegal for many reasons. first of all, guns give a better chance for criminals to commit crimes; knowing that with knives they don’t stand a chance. second, there is a greater percentage, by data, that people are more harmed with guns rather than protected. gunshot incidents in school make it all the more clearer that kids can unintentionally shoot. finally, if guns are illegal than it will be harder to get buy a gun and therefore less people will be murdered.
accidents caused by contingent actions people suffering from mental illness and minor may use a gun in wrong ways
i concede that guns let people kill others. ultimately, people kill people.
i say that guns should be banned because they are killing thousands of people each week
okay i wish there was both sides because to be honest i am doing a project on this and i really wanna do both sides. we should banned guns because in the year of 2012 and of course 2011 there have been many killings, deaths, and shoot outs. shoot outs at school! come on and im pretty sure there will be many more that's sad and crazy. anyways, there's been kids dying from guns that either accidently went off or one is shooting one another. its not so much their fault for having the gun its for the people who sells children guns illegaly and i doubt they wont stop because to them that's like their salary, the money that pays bills. not to long ago a little girl in 3rd grade (i think, but she was young) got shoot by a little boy because he had a gun in his bag and it accidently went off when he set his bag down. kids my age dies like everyday that's scary. and there's people that will shoot someone for no reason. this is the part that is confusing but makes sence why i agree to having guns but also shouldn't. people say we should have guns because i can keep my children safe. i can protect myself from people that is robbing me. like for real that's good reasons but you can also kill someone just trying to protect yourself. (i hate death if you cant tell) so when the police ask you what happen you'll just say i killed someone because they were robbing me. like they already got their consequence because you killed them, so what about your consequence you just killed someone! that's murder! either if it was an accident, trying to defend your self doesnt matter i think you should at least get consequences (they prob. do but i just dont know). like if someone was beating you up and you fight back you will get in trouble for fighting back. so why is it different from shooting someone and killing them. hope you liked i kind of went off track(: but yeah. by: porshe' sturgis 14years old. march.19.2012
guns should be banned everyone who is saying no is an idiot
the argument "no, guns don't kill people" is ridiculous. everyone has seen a shooting movie where someone ends up dead via gun. the reason people go to war with guns is because they kill people.
i agree with the fact that guns weapons doesn't kill people they are just a tool that is being use, such knives, or even are hands. the one who is doing the killing is the on handling the weapon the tool.
guns should be banned because kids can get killed and there is shootings in the sua almost every week get a life and stop guns
please stop guns in the usa help others and help the poor 
the british aren't going to invade, so we don't need to protect ourselves". so when an american enters you're home with intent to kill, are you going to defend yourself with a fork? i do agree that most burglary's that occur do not involve a murder or serious injury, but not all home invasion's are with the intent to remove your property. if i we're in the position to put my life on the line, or lose a television, i would rather lose the television. the question is whether this person is here to steal my property or harm me or my family. i would rather have the means to protect myself and my family. if we lived in a perfect world where we didn't have poverty, drugs and poor education, then maybe i could see youre point. the fact of the matter is we don't. when america gets to the point where i can go to sleep at night, or even go about my daily business and not worry, then i'll consider getting rid of my gun. until then, we live in a dangerous world where people live outside the law and i feel safe knowing theres an amendment granting me the right to defend myself.
switzerland has a gun death rate of 6 in 100,00. america has a gun death rate of just over 10 in 100,000. england outlawed all handguns and has a 0.6 per 100,000 gun death rate. [1] the facts are pretty clear that in countries where guns are allowed, more people are shot and killed. in 1999, there were 28,874 gun-related deaths in the united states - over 80 deaths every day. in 1999, 58% of all gun deaths were suicides, and 38% were homicides. of all suicides, 57% occurred by firearm. in 2000, 75,685 people (27/100,000) suffered non-fatal firearm gunshot injuries. what, exactly, is the point of guns? the fact of the matter is that america has a culture where guns are ok, and the only thing that is ever going to do is mean a great increase in gun crime. guns are pointless in this day and age.
guns do not kill people, people do. what would be next? banning knives? banning cleaning products? banning water?
first off guns don’t kill people, people kill people. guns are merely tools to do the job. problems will just get worse like they did when alcohol got banned. people would sell alcohol illegally. i have no doubt that the same would happen with guns. the banning of alcohol brought us al capone, imagine what the banning of guns would give us. robberies are illegal so if guns were illegal nothing would change. there are three main reasons why someone would break the law. one, to get money. two they did not know about it. or three, to get infamy or fame.
maryland has no guns on the streets or anywhere except your house or a firing range. they also have the highest crime rate of all the united states of america.
the maker of the website obviously was for banning guns due to their being no no button but in-staid a no, guns don't kill people button.
in maryland it is illegal to carry a firearm anywhere but a firing range and your own home. pwnd
really... stopping guns is not that easy. with alcohol, when it was banned people could sell it at unreasonable prices. that is how al capone got rich. so people would still use guns "under the table". who do you think would be the new al capone. criminals rob banks, robbing banks is illegal, so if you add them up you get that criminals would not stop using guns because it is the law.
uoknow= epic fail!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
r u hungry bro???????????????????????????????????????!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
i love how individuals that don't know a thing about guns are trying to impose their views to infringe on others 2a "rights". no one is questioning the 1a "right"?!!? to let everyone know there is no state in the country were gun ownership is illegal....that would be unconstitutional! however there are many states in the country that infringe on the right of certain types of gun ownership. lets take new jersey, it is illegal to use hollow point bullets(which are legal just about everywhere else) because so one got a hold of bad information. a hollow point has less chance of doing secondary damage than a fmj round. i am using this as an example people who know nothing about firearms so not speak until they get the facts. i have never seen a gun jump of the self load itself and walk down the street and start shooting people. if some one has i would like to know??? the actions of a few should not dictate the actions for everyone. people complain about laws not working because the lawless are breaking them. i value human life and the police are not required to protect the individual. (i cant remember the federal case but the scotus said that the police do not have the obligation of protecting the citizen) so who does? most people don't realize that semi-auto assault rifles are regulated by the state. however fully automatic assault rifles are regulated by the federal government. every time the new puts something about assault rifle they show full auto federally regulated rifle which can only be transfered and not but new. (the federal firearms act of 1985). so get the facts before you start disputing because you will find that the info you have is wrongfully skewed! an armed society is a safer society.
<---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------just follow the name
your point was valid till you thought we should all be commys. = things never work out geez ya scrub...........
i would like to make my first statement by saying if people got rid of guns people will find other weapons to kill people with. its going to be a never ending thing no matter what you get rid of. second is everybody forgetting about the hunters in the world. hunting is one of americas favorite sport. people would be absolutely devastated if that was taken away from them. think about it
people use guns to kill people, guns dont kill people! i had to add more sorry. more
well being in an area where gun ownership is illegal is not going to have any thing to do with the criminal having a gun. they will have a gun anyway. breaking and entering is illegal so do you think that are going to worry about carrying a gun also. the insurance part i totally understand cause i have a lot of stuff in my house and have it all insured and i can replace them. i have 12 ga shotgun loaded with 00 buck for home protection. now when i'm not here the insurance takes over, the gun is only to protect my family. you'd rather hand over your stuff and write it off etc.. what about when they want you wife and daughter to do what they want. not a cold day is $&ell;that's going to happen to me. think about it. you don't have to kill someone just cause you have a gun. you have the option to if needed.
i could not agree with you more. especially the police being a city government. there is no way they could be everywhere at once. a gun is the best policy.
guns don't kill people. we kill people. ban guns the the murders will go to knives or their hands. will you cut off our hands because those three people choked someone to death?
i don't mean to be a ass, but that is one of the dumbest answers ever. first off it would not matter if guns were illegal in your state or not, if a criminal wants to get a gun they will get one somehow. second off if they knew you were armed i seriously think they would reconsider entering your home. and the third thing is that if they know you are home chances are they are there to do more harm than just steal your crap. learn how to use a gun, be responsible, protect yourself and your family. in the neighbor counties around me there have been three different murders, and they think it is the same people, they are targeting people that are home tying them up and killing them. would you not feel at least a little better knowing you could possibly defend yourself ?
yes! beacase in country there guns are ileagle the criminality is way lower than america stastistic shows that
guns don't kill people; nu uh; i kill people "chk chk" with guns, pow
guns don't kill people just lying around collecting dust and rust it depends if they are being used or not.
if guns are banned people will use knives and other weapons to kill people. have you ever heard of illegal arms dealers who sells weapons and going against the government.
no offense but i've been threw this and u have no idea what ur talking about i would rather get in a shoot out than have my wife or kid raped and killed u have no idea about what happens in a situation like this u think that they just want money
man were are u from i use a gun just to go buy my grocerys have u ever even been in a life or death situation if it happens then come tell me u don't want a gun if ur alive
hell no! second amendment people: right to bare arms! it is our right as citizens to be able to protect ourselves when comes the circumstance!
second amendment a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. deterring tyrannical government; repelling invasion; suppressing insurrection; facilitating a natural right of self-defense; participating in law enforcement; enabling the people to organize a militia system. really should not be debating this, non negotiable shall not be infringed.
guns in the united states are necessarily to protect against tyranny in government. this is one of the main reasons the 2nd amendment exists. that is the only argument you will ever need to hear against gun control period.
1. a gun is an inanimate object and once a bullet is removed, it is as useless as a paper weight and will never function again till someone makes it. 2. getting rid of guns prevents death, but hammers, screw drivers and cars killed people, as did clubs and bows and spears before guns were ever invented. 3. obviously being unarmed and defenseless or running from a criminal is better than using a gun to stop them, especially for the old, the crippled, pregnant women, etc. 4. all we need are safe rooms, martial arts training and a phone to call the police, which means the losers who live in mobile homes dont need protection, we could beat carreer criminals with our bare hands, and a police car miles away is better than a gun which is inches away when your life is in danger. 5. people who support getting rid of guns and say they dont feel threatened is because they have never been threatened. 6. i am in a public building and i have a gun in my vehicle. the four girls around me are alive not because my gun is out there and it would scare them for me to bring it in in my hand but because i also have not decided to take the framing hammer in my back seat that they would ignore and use it to beat one or more of them to death with it.
it is morally better to yell and scream at an armed attacker than to shoot them. guns in the hands of stupid people are dangerous.....we should also ban stupid people. everyone knows that a pregnant woman, an old person, or a person in a mobile home could excape trouble by hiding in their bedroom with a criminal in their home and calling the police who are miles away. private citizens, who are alone in their homes, dont need guns, they need to rely on the police, who travel in groups, have radios, and carry guns. the second amendment says militias have the right to carry guns, not private citizens, and that is why the militias are there to protects us and are composed of....private citizens. guns are extremely dangerous, and thats why schools which are gun free zones as are churches are not targeted by violent criminals while guns shows and reenactments are replete with criminal violence. who needs a gun when you can dive under your bed and be safe from a criminal? a criminal might take you gun and use it on you....especially if it is better than the one he is carrying and since he can get to you before you pull the trigger. columbine was safe because it was a gun free zone and the guys who did the shooting were simply law abiding citizens who happened to have nasty guns. besides, all was well once they called the cops. having a gun in the home of a private citizen who takes it out now and then for target shooting is more dangerous than a car in the hands of a citizen who drinks himself silly every weekend.
i have a framing hammer in my car. this girl next to me is alive not because i have no gun and cannot bring it in, and amidst screaming people, shoot her, but because i have a framing hammer in my car they would not notice...and i have no desire to harm her which i could do within seconds. it would take me less than a minute to kill her with my hammer. a split second to shoot her. neither of my implements pose her a threat because i am not a murderer. if i desired to kill her, not one of these people or ten thousand cops could stop me within the next two minutes.
the beliefm that automatic weapons should be banned holds no more water than any other arguement. a gun is a gun. the mmount of fire it produces makes no difference, and in the hands of an ordinary law abiding citizen a tank, granade launcher or nuclear missile does not pose a threat to anyone becuase he has no intention of using it. in the hands of a criminal, an ink pen can be rammed into an eye and used to kill someone.
no cases where an innocent peson has defended themselves with a guin??????? either you are under twelve years old or you have done zero research. there are hundreds of thousands of cases of innocent people protecting themselves with guns. woman agains gun control, the second amendment police department are only two places that will tell you how many times innocent people not only have protected themselves but even assisted the police.
that is utterly false. guns in people's homes have prevented them from being victims of violent attacks in countless thousands of cases, and your militia you refer to was composed of regular urban men, not military men and they were armed. seriously, you want everyone to believe that the right to keep a gun by your bed does not help keep a person able to grab it in the face of a violent attack and fight back? do you really believe that the "police" would ever be able to respond quick enough if they could even be called? or do the lives of people who dont have homes with alarms and steel doors matter? tell you what, the day you are faced with a violent attack and get to experience this first hand, we'll see what you have to say then!
first of all if you dont think we ae run by tyrants, you dont watch the news. second off, when was the last time we had a leader who inflicted terrible damage on the country, as obama has, and gotten them impeached? your arguement is entirely false, and on top of it, i am not worried about using guns to stop some government filled with corrupt leaders. i enjoy target shooting, i enjoy owning antique guns, and i fel a hell of a lot safer knowing that if i am attacked, i will not be empty handed and helpless. end of story.
if someone believes that students with guns would lead to regular massacres, then they obviously have one terrible school system or are afraid of some rotten kids. aside from that lame arguement, no one is suggesting arming students, we have long suggested that instructors and officials in schools who want to be armed should be, unless of course you are going to argue that principals will go on shooting rampages. ever hear of that?
you are right on the money. first we banned drugs, and that lead to a drug free country. then we forbade drunk driving and that put an end to drunk driving accidents. if we just had the sense to ban murder and rape, robbery, carjacking, along with guns........hey wait a minute....
first of all, crime happens on a daily basis, and while auto insurance is not needed on a daily basis, we have it dont we? second, having a gun does not lead to violence and gang banging, having a mentality that seeks to force your will on another does lead to gang banging and crime. i have had guns my entire life and never had one ounce of desire to harm another. and if you actually think countries that have banned guns have less crime, try living in one. new york and washington dc are hotbeds of violence and murder and they dont like regular folks to own guns. i will also prove my point to you: where have you heard of nationally famous shootings? columbine and virginny tech as well as ohio. guess what, they were "gun free zones" and idiots demanded gun bans when bans had failed. where have you never ever heard of a gun rampage? gun shows. that says something.
peace for a while? is that why we have had wars globally for thousands of years before guns were invented? is that why schools and churches are shot to pieces and gun shows are not?
so truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuue.
crime and stupid people are such a bad thing. the world would be so much better without either, and the rest of us could own entire armories and never have a problem.
japan is also a dictatorship where they work people to death and where if you "dishonor" someone your head comes off. go live there, at least there are no guns!
criminals kill people. let's ban them. real affective huh? guess what dude, i have many guns and i've never hurt a soul. phooey with your little ban daydream.
guns dont create violence. they are made of metal and cannot kill anything. if your logic is true then carfs cause drunk driving. in england, they not only prosecute anyone for defending themselves, they also pay the criminals for their defense. you could not pay me to live in england. by the way, there were centureis where guns did not exist, yet people felt the need to defend themselves. why do you think that is? because the mind of the criminal is the problem, not the gun. no, guns should not be banned, and the day you face a violent attacker you will learn that the hard way.
sure, if guns were banned it would be hard to get them, kind of like it is hard to get a joint, hard to get cocaine, hard to get crack......bull! there are two things that make a gun dangerous, a stupid person or an evil one. the rest of us own guns, work and live around people who dont know we have them and we do just fine. for all you know you've been around fifty people today who had a piece on them and you are alive right now because non of them were criminals. one criminal, and gun or not, you'd be in deep doo doo.
then cars should be banned because they are using drunk drivers to kill people every weekend. and i betcha plenty of those drunk driving murderers would not own a gun because they think it is too dangerous.
yes we need to ban guns. and while we are at it we need to ban cars because in drunk driving accidents they kill people. while we are at it we need to ban murder, rape robbery incest child battery wife battery dead batteries school shooting, drugs family violence, ....oh wait, those things have been banned for centuries. well then they must not exist......wait a minute, whats wrong with this picture??
the data is irrefutable. countries that ban guns or implement stricter laws concerning firearms have lower crime rates.
while you may be right to assert that "guns don't kill people, people kill people," it is pure sophistry to assume that therefore people should carry guns. people do in fact kill people, and they do it a lot easier with the help of guns.
the right to own a weapon is not, nor should it be, a fundamental right. if there were no consequences to gun ownership, i would certainly support allowing all guns everywhere. but there are consequences. guns kill people just like fists kill people, except it is much easier to erroneously kill/injure with a gun. i dispute the claim of self-defense rights. it is indisputably safer to not own a gun than to own a gun, save for the rare case when the area is so dangerous that using the gun to save oneself is statistically more likely than using it to kill oneself/others, on accident or otherwise. and all of these special cases exist only because guns exist in the first place. remove them all and violence drops dramatically (after all, there is no such thing as a drive-by knife fight). the mission to remove guns from the streets is akin to the drive to promote world peace. in fact, they are essentially the same thing. although promoting peace can have consequences (often, it creates conflict) the less war there is the better. it is the same with guns. the unique factor that makes guns, like war, so worth fighting against is that they cause significant collateral damage. they fuel drug cartel violence, they contribute to accidental deaths and suicides, and they often kill innocent bystandards. other weapons? not so much. the attempt to ban guns begins at the supreme court. the 2nd ammendment must be re-interpreted under its primary intention, "militia." militia, in today's speak, means locally stationed military, or just military. if reinterpreted correctly, this law does not protect gun owners. next, the federal government would coordinate with states to completely eliminate all production of new guns in the country, and ban the importation. this would stifle the supply to almost zero. finally, gun buyback programs and phased-in laws against gun ownership would slowly remove the remaining guns. this would require a lot of effort, and a lot of redneck outrage, but it would all be worth it in the long run. to the few people every year who get attacked by people and theroretically could have saved themselves if they had a gun (and also the assailant did not have a gun (and the victim could not have just defended with a knife)), sorry. you will die, but for the benefit of millions of victims and victims' families. i conclude with this statement: the less opportunities we have to kill, the less we do.
simple facts u guys are killing your own people... of course u have the problem of having a huge influence by money in all your politics...so getting it banned ...don't think its feasable...allas... still in europe where gun laws are very strict...the incidents....are not even near your safest city..and that our top estimate.. fact criminals with evil intent will always be able 2 fabricate purchase or acquire a weapon.. good thing here if some1 gets in a shooting incident its mostly liquidations ie criminal shooting criminal so good riddance the not having the availability and ease of acquiring fire arms..does reflect in the figures ladies...but then we have a free health care 2 which saves lives.. think the mentality of the us is not at the moment saving lives or the care of it reflected..in gun laws health care..food industry..etc...u guys are fucked basically..until you yourself decide 2 make some fundamental chances....don't give me this crap about democracy and free dom...as yar living in a 2 party system..and no i ain't a commy..:) its egocentric group behavior whats killing..people...and sheep behavior...oh he has a gun beeeeeeeh beeeeeh i get 1 no better i get 2 beeeeeeeeh behh..and so ya all fall down the trap...gl on yas
i don't believe they should ban guns i think if everyone in the world had a gun there would be less crime. but for all the #haters out there let me put it this way. saying ."oh guns don't kill but bullets do." is like saying, " oh i didn't rape her but my dick did.'' drop the whole subject people like you #haters are targeting the wrong people the people who take the proper step in to receiving that right to carry are not the ones to go after its the mofos down the ally way that think that this is still high school in the real world and wanna play on a team (aka gang) so get off the asses of those who obtain a proper permit and respect the fact that those people are the ones who would prolly put their life's on the line for all you baby's out there who are getting held up in a bank laying on the ground crying because the lady next to you has a bullet in her head and the only one in the room with a gun that you know of is the guys killing people. think about it that way sure you can take the guns away from the good guys but can you take them away from the bad guys......
ya look these kids were messed up.......and got there hands on guns anyway but look at it like this. had every teacher, janitor, principal,etc in that building had a gun how many peoples life's would have been saved??
saying," ." is like saying,"i say that people should be banned because they are killing thousands of people each week
so you believe that everyone in the world having a gun would, essentially, lessen crime? everyone includes criminals, thus it will make it far easier for them to commit crimes and murders.  neither guns nor bullets kill people. people kill people.
okay i am willing to reason with you lets do a for instince. badguy: walks into a store full of 12 people. carring a springfeild xd40 sub compact okay he only has 1 clip 1 clip holds 9 rounds! everyone in the store has a gun too and want to live!! badguy: shoots 1 person ?: how many of those 11 people are going to shoot each other? that makes it 1vs11 now what's the badguy going to do.
i'll preface this by saying that i have never in my life felt unsafe or afraid in my day to day comings and goings any where i have lived. i don't carry a concealed handgun because of a fearful existence or paranoia. i also do not have a "commando complex" which would make me one of the worst kind of wannabes seeing i have never served in the military or law enforcement. i actually do not have any desire to use the gun on anyone and pray i never have to pull it for any reason.  i don't place myself in dangerous situations or go places where i think danger may be present. in other words, my primary form of self defense is avoidance of potential danger, not confrontation.  that does not make me a coward, because i have inadvertently and unintentionally found myself in situations where i have had to step in to defend other people (without a firearm), and i have responded pro-actively and decisively.  so setting aside those common accusations against people who carry concealed handguns, why do i carry one?  1. because i can. it is a right afforded to me by the u.s. constitution and the arkansas state constitution. it is afforded to me by a concealed carry law that law abiding citizens should never have had to fight for.  nonetheless, it has been hard won through long and expensive legislative action to develop what we have today. it is a right and the more of us who obtain the license and carry the guns, the harder it will be for controlling politicians to reverse it in the future.  2. because it is my duty and responsibility to take advantage of a right afforded to me by what i believe was the guiding hand of an almighty god in the framing of the constitution of the u.s. and the bill of rights.  3. because i choose to take responsibilityy for my and my family's safety. police generally arrive at a crime scene after the criminals are long gone and the devastation to citizen victims is already done. it is foolish indeed to believe that that our civil governments have the ability to protect us from the sub human predators of our society.  4. because i live in a real world in which i recognize the dangers above are present. to do otherwise is to stick our heads in the sand and ignore an ever-present danger among us.  5. because i want to be part of what makes criminals wonder if the next person they choose to assault may be the one that ends their life. the more law abiding citizens that are armed, the less sure criminals can be of the outcome of their actions against us.
i can hardly understand how this is not obvious, you have lost an unknown number of normal people today at a cinema screening. that should not be allowed to happen so easily, how can america let it? i have seen comments in the news feed which suggest that this is not a suprise for the area! my mind boggles, if someone is shot it should be a suprise! if you did not do everything humanly possible to prevent the possiblility that someone with the capacity to kill could have hold of a weapon with that capability then that is ridiculous. if the sacrifice you have to make is to hand over a gun which you cant prove you need for any good reason enough to keep it then that is a small price if it might save one life. the right to arms is out of date, just because people have them already is a weak excuse, maybe it will take 20 years to get it in order but every year will be a bit safer than the last. if you have a gun in your bag then that suggests you would consider using it, taking a life is a big deal, what if you missed, shot in a struggle through a window, or across the road. guns kill because if point your fingers and say bang nobody dies. if you have a gun to protect yourself its a good bet that your attacker has one too, maybe if they were banned then they wouldnt have one... or so much confidence. hand in your weapons because every time someone is shot you know it might just have been prevented.
so you are suggesting that in the event of an attack the streets of australia should be filled with gun wielding civilians with no training of street warfare, no particular leaders, just whoever fancies killing some people runs about getting into their neighbours crossfire as they shoot from the coffee shop at anyone who moves? odd that seems like chaos. if gun violence went down then thats a step in the right direction for violence overall.
the easier it is to get hold of guns, the greater the likelihood of people being fatally shot. i realise that criminals and mentally afflicted people are unable to own guns legally, but since you can't predict who is going to commit a crime or develop a mental illness in the future, that doesn't offer much protection if somebody suddenly has a psychotic episode and goes on a killing spree.
the difference is that a guns purpose is to kill while a big macs is to eat, a knives is to cut and a cars is to drive. i don't believe guns should be banned but they should be much harder to get
in singapore we don't have peoples going around on killing spree!!!
okay ingenious, let's think about this. so your going to keep law-biding citizens from accessing guns so all the law breakers can go out and shoot all the law-biding citizens just to simply protect the estimated 5,000 people from getting killed by gun shot wounds, when really you just killed those 5,000 people along with the other 500,000 people that we're law-biding.
yes, that is certainly going to stop you from a gunman. "dear god.... please save this soul"
sorry but that is bull. guns are already written into our history and there's no going back after over 200 years of supporting guns just because some people who weren't properly trained in the use and safety of properly handling a firearm. if guns are taken off the market it wont stop people who seek to cause trouble get their hands on a gun, yes it may make it a little more difficult but in the end you are just disarming good citizens who no longer have the ability to defend themselves. and people own guns for more than the two reasons you listed. i own a rifle for hunting, shotgun for bird season, sidearm for personal defense, another sidearm for just shooting and a 22. rifle for the same reason. people have been killing since the beginning of time, before it was guns it was swords, blunt weapons, bows, hell even rocks and bones. eventually the primary source of inflicting harm could be another weapon or stay at the gun. my point is just outlawing one thing doesn't mean others wont find other ways of hurting one another.
ok anti-gunners, imagine this situation, a mass murderer is looking for a college to attack. he sees two different colleges. a sign on the first college says gun free zone, and a sign on the second college says armed staff and students. what college do you think he's going to pick.
does that means the freedom of speech should be banned what about religion and right to an attorney i guess that means we shouldn't have any of these either. actually violent crime rates are going down will more an more people are owning guns.
maybe in america but its like smuggling marijuana it hapens even though it is illegal here. criminals would still get gun and weapons no matter what the law.
i find america's obsession with guns fascinating. because the founders of your country wrote a document hundreds of years ago stating that everybody has the right to bear arms means that this document cannot be challenged to suit a modern era many years later? what makes this constitution infallible other than how much importance is placed on its merits by the people? no single document or set of laws is infallible. basic logic. the fact is there is a strong correlation between legal guns and higher homicide rates. more americans are killed by guns every year than all other developed countries combined. no problems with guns i hear you say? also, inb4 "some countries where it is legal to obtain guns have low crime rates". using a few examples to justify a larger picture painted by the correlation between gun ownership and higher homicide rates is intellectually dishonest debate fodder. and quite frankly, i am sick of hearing the tired old phrase "guns don't kill people - people do". yeah, people kill people. but what are my chances of going on a murder spree using a screwdriver vs a loaded gun? idiots.
stupid argument. you're using an extreme example to demonstrate the legitimacy of gun ownership? i can chop and screw your argument down to make it more complex, as you should have done from the very beginning anyway. 1) a mass murder will have some form of mental psychosis, or history of violence. this means that in a state/country where it is required by law to have a full medical and criminal background check cleared in order to obtain a license to yield a weapon, this mass murderer wouldn't have a chance at obtaining a gun in the first place. ban guns altogether? they'd have to turn to the black market. and this isn't an easy process, either. 2) let's say where this man lives, guns are banned. if he wants to go on a killing spree he would have to be extremely dedicated to the cause. whether or not he obtains a gun, this guy is clearly dangerous and will kill with any means necessary. 3) there are more incidences of school shoot outs in america compared to any other developed country in the world. what is the difference between america and the uk, australia or canada? well let's see here... oh yeah. guns. 4) "guns don't kill people, people do". hm? of course - a gun is an inanimate object. however, missing the big picture here. more guns = higher homicide rates. less guns = lower homicide rates. are americans just more violent by nature or are you too hung up on your 2nd amendment rights to acknowledge there is a problem with guns?
no! if this were to happen that would be a major infringement on our second amendment to the constitution of the united states. with more armed citizens, that could deter criminals from committing crimes. more armed citizens make the country safer.
i absolutly think there is. how many prior service members are in the us right now. way more than active duty.
guns do kill people but they save many more lives than they kill. also some people get alot of food that they need form hunting. you ban this you kill them.
if guns were banned then criminals would go to knives and or crossbows, would you ban those too?
if you look at all these horrific mass shootings, like columbine, virginia tech, and the colorado theater shooting, what did they all have in common? they were all gun-free zones. meaning that only those who care about laws will follow them.
removing guns from house hold is the worse thing you can do. let me tell you exactly why as a information security engineer (info sec / it sec ). 1) law abiding citizen will obey the law. regardless if you want guns or not, criminals have ways to find one and kill you. 2) guns equalize the situation where cops will take 5 minutes minimum to bring some body bags to your house. you either want to use that body bag or you don't. 3) guns in america was not meant for hunting as a primary purpose. it is your second amendment right / duty to have one as our founding fathers have seen how government abuses its power to fellow citizens. government should serve people, not the other way around. 4) people kill people , not tools kill people. you say all you want that these equipment make it easier for bad people to do harmful things. however, would you also want to get rid of chances for law abiding citizen to defense themselves. if you say the cops can do it then you are delusional. they don't have the jurisdiction to even search you or run to your house to do things on your property. go find out about the law. 5) countries that have extremely strict gun laws don't really work well either. japan still has high crime rates, they just hide their news. people still kill each other in many different ways. 6) i do agree with fully automatic weapons can be ridiculous since you cannot hit anything accurately and should just spread the harm. however, having a regular semi-automatic firearms should not be excluded in any state or the country. i suggest you go learn about firearms really well before you say stuff. 7) law enforcement do agree that black rifles do not create crimes. crimes were made by people who can't afford to have anything. they purchased cheap crappy firearms in black market anyway. all can all. i know that the bad guys will go to your house not mine for sure. why? because i am ready to defend myself and my family for the right of life and freedom of speech. do you like commie countries? you can go to china and see how that feels. educate your children about firearms and proper manner in society is the key. firearms are not the problem. us government themselves deals more than any other agencies in the world. go figure!
phuqster, you have to understand that it was created to defend yourself for thugs, including the evil government. so you really think that what is available is evil vs what is available in military? go figure. only stupid, ignorant, selfish, crazy people kill fellow citizens. with those, they would be put away anyways. i also support shoot on the spot if you see a killing spree or someone is robing a bank. i think that would work really well.
yeah, cause british people kill each other with something else. look, guns or no guns, people will die just as much. killed by guns or killed by knife, fork, poison, cars, rope, doesn't really matter. culture is also very important. i was living in asia for 12 years, still as much killing as over here with some other type of murder weapons. i don't see the point.
i don't hunt or kill any life shape or form with any thing that i own with. however, banning a type of rifle is really just ignorant to the max. you should learn about firearms a lot more before you say something like ar, ak-47, whatever. it's all about the rate of fire and mechanism of the gun. it's how its made for philosophy of use (pou). you cannot just ban anything in general because you do not understand how anything works at all. all rifle models including ar, ak, sig, etc, are made with semi-automatic version for civilian use. i also never like or believe in fully auto weapon, they are not accurate, waste of ammo, and much harder to shoot. i never shot one, but shooting 2 rounds consecutively would already give me an idea. please learn more about firearms and safety of it before you go out and stay stuff like this. it is not true at all.
so you don't hurt plants with your shoes? 
you're a moron. bad guys will always have guns. hence bad guys. law abiding citizens won't have one if the law said so. hence law biding citizen. bad guys want something and pull out that piece pointing at law abiding citizens. 2 options, citizens have guns and point back. maybe bad guy have 1 shot off, maybe not. or, all citizens scream and run, bad guy unloads on citizens. hmmmmmmmmm, sure, that will work.
you're an idiot, it happens in u.s. alllllll the time. not just in u.s. perhaps, everywhere! shoot out in school is a form of violence. what about gang fights between schools. maybe we should ban school uniforms too. derb derb!
i my point of view guns shoul be benned not only in america but in other countries also. guns should be used only in military. let us think why nowadays there are a lot of terrorists, of course because of guns and other veapons. they became available to a society and imagine how many families have suffered from it, how many mothers have losen their child? but anyway they must be used in military only. despite the fact that they can damage someones life guns could be the only way to protect us,what the military is succesfuly doing.
if nobody had guns, nobody could kill people. no guns should be able to be sold over the counter to anybody. if there are to be any guns, then only to police and the navy/force. even this, people should have approved licenses.
but if guns got banned do you think criminals who use guns would just give them to the government?
they would get arrested if they didn't, then get killed if they didn't.
they would have to be found with a gun first. 
maybe the government of usa should not prohibit all weapons. first the government should get rid of nuclear weapons. united nations just deal with this problem at the moment. kazakhstan leads the program. more than 40 nations, including kazakhstan, met in washington in 2010 for the first summit and again in seoul in march 2012. "when the cold war ended and the soviet union dissolved, kazakhstan inherited a vast nuclear weapons infrastructure that included 1,410 nuclear warheads. president nazarbayev made a “courageous and monumental decision” to remove all of the nuclear weapons from the country", limage said. limage is the deputy assistant secretary of state in the state department’s bureau of international security and nonproliferation. limage said the united states and kazakhstan have been working together and with others to combat illicit trafficking in nuclear and radiological materials through the global initiative to combat nuclear terrorism. i take the view that it is a global problem, not only in usa and also world over. i believe that people are able to protect the world against nuclear weapons. “the united states has taken bold steps toward nuclear disarmament,” limage said. it is my view this is the most important
i think guns should be banned but only in public because if guns were banned even in homes then it could be like when they banned alcohol. people would find ways to get guns and hide them from police. not only would it begin another prohibition(except with guns) but the black market would have more things to sell. if we got rid of guns then the police could defend themselves easier
i dont think guns should be banded but i do think we need to get rid of the black market sales of guns i live here in oklahoma where you can go to the state fair grounds where they have a gun and knife show and they dont even check back grounds or nothing that is a bad loop hole in the system and you can buy a ar15 ak47 and so on but if you go in a regular gun shop here you can not buy that type of weapon i think those type of rifles should stay in the military not on the streets but i also think if people want to carry or have one in there homes they should have to go to a mandatory gun course and it not be very simple like it is here where i live and get there licence to beable to buy and own one and some type of mental evaluation this can be all done and probably costly but it will make some kinda of a difference because we all need to protect our self's and i believe that will help keep most of the insane nuts from just going out there and being able to buy one i love my freedom and being able to own my guns and being able to pack one to protect my self but i think the laws are just to loose just for anybody to go in a store and buy one i know you have to go thru a backgroung check but to me thats not good enough because not every body has a felony record but they still dont have any business owning one and not even capable of shooting one but they just walk out the door with no training and most of them with no clue on how to shoot one so theres my thought and opinion im sure most wont agree because they think its an infringement on our 2nd admitment right
i am surprised that nobody has said anything about the jobs that would be lost if they ban semi auto firearms. one of the only branches of business that is flourishing right now. lets put more people out of work shall we. back to the task at hand. most vehicles we drive in u.s. have the capability to go over 100 mph. these vehicles are used every day on roads that will never legally allow you to drive over 80. yet everybody still buys these 100 mph + vehicles. car accidents and vehicle related deaths by far out weigh the firearm related deaths. why arent they banned and have all of the cars thrown in a big pit and burned while we all walk to work how would that be. of course nobody needs the cars to go over 100 mph. but guess what we have them. why. because we can. do we really need semi auto weapons. maybe, maybe not. but there is more cause to ban 100+ mph cars than firearms. and by the way all of you idiot peace blah blah blah hippies out there. i am an american and i love my cars that can go over 100 mph i love my cheeseburgers and i enjoy shooting my semi auto firearms. not for the soul purpose of killing people, but for my own personal enjoyment. america was built with the understanding that a corrupt government would never allow their "subjects" to have firearms. why do you think they fled and came here in the first place. that is why it is important to keep this right in the constitution and not a chopped and diced version that corrupt politicians have molded to suit there needs. but a pure constitution that means what it states. that i have the right to keep and bear arms. even semi auto rifles and handguns.
people like you are blind when your waiting on your alarm company to alert the police and the three guys who just broke into your home are raping your wife and hurting you family and they just killed your "guard dog" what are you going to be doing? because i tell you what your not doing "is protecting your family"
you are right you are not an american so how bout this keep your uneducated baseless opinion in europe. thanks
you are completely ridiculous. when the world has no more evil people, violence, raping, murdering etc. i'll give up my defense firearms, until then i'll defend my right to have them and protect my family. educate yourself.
what about the other half? would you want your family in that half? think about that.
your a real genius aren't you. it's people like you who will look to people like us when you need help.
why just for a simple "redneck" as you have stereo typed me and my fellow gun owners, i have to say your an uneducated blind, ignorant person. people have been doing evil things since the beginning of time and guess what the criminals have always been armed with weapons that match that time period. and i will be as equally or better armed than the people who wish to do malicious things to my family. i will not fight bring a kitchen knife to a gun fight."unlike you". and the right to own my firearms and my right to my second amendment was fought for by my ancestors, which probably unlike you can be traced to the revolutionary war. and who are you to reinterpret the constitution? it says what it says for a reason. not to be ever changed by any person or government for any reason! i conclude with this statement "the strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is as a last resort to protect themselves against tyranny in government" thomas jefferson. sounds like to me he is on to something.
what if the intruder did not come in for your things? would you be able to protect your family?
guns don't kill people, if they did, they would go to jail for murder- not the murderers. jk they kill peoplebut are good for self defense. if they were illegalized, it would lead to black market sales which would lead to higher crime. if it is legal, the government can use the money to do stuff.
i know this is an old debate but in light of today's events in connecticut i have been doing a little poking around on the internet and came across this... here's my thought - criminals and anyone who wants to get their hands on a gun, any gun, can and will. they don't care that guns are outlawed - in fact, that spurs some people on to have one just because the government says they can't. what, do we think that a criminal is going to sigh, throw up their hands and say "gee, i guess i can't own a gun - gotta find something more productive and socially acceptable to do... " no, in fact - if we ban guns i believe the criminals are going to rejoice because it gives them an upper hand when committing their crimes. look at drugs - they are outlawed and banned but our children today are still dying from overdoses because drugs are still on the street. it didn't deter criminals from owning, using or distributing it. it will be the same with guns. tighter control - perhaps - but until you can guarantee that no one, ever again, will be able to have a gun in their hands when coming into contact with me, i say we can't ban guns!
attempting to use the logic that guns should be outlawed solely based on the fact that they make it easier to commit crimes and are involved in such a high number of crimes and deaths each year has me wondering what these same people would say about alcohol. alcohol ranks higher than guns in both categories.
imagine a society in which only the police and higher authoritites have guns. people are greedy and will overstep their privilages. even though polices officer's duty is to help, their are cops who break the law. and what can we do if they're the only ones who have guns? nothing. also, if the government tried taking over there would be more then just one person to stop. militia would form and revolt. if guns were banned it would do nothing to stop crime. a good example of this is marijuana. yea, its illegal says the federal government, but just about anybody who wants to smoke pot does. people will get a hold of guns one way or another so why bann them and waste time and effort getting rid of them.
guns have the sole intention to kill people. rather than this guns aren't used for anything else. while committing a murder with a knife or a bat is considered a misconduct, guns where only designed to kill. knives and bats were developed for other causes rather than killing. but guns aren't used in any other way. in addition guns are even more lethal than knives because one can accidentally kill someone due to uncontrollable firing. this especially applies to assault rifles and submachine guns that fire multiple rounds per pulling the trigger. where as with a knife only one person can be targeted. another point for the gun ban is that people with criminal intentions can easily get access to guns and weapons. america has seen this during the past 20 years the gang violence the frequent gun-related homicides and the brutal massacres such as columbine, virginia tech and now new town connecticut. by giving these people (or any people at all) access to these weapons multiple people can be killed in just a matter of seconds and most importantly guns can be acquired legally. but for what cause? what could you possibly need a gun for? for hunting but only with a license and any deliberate murder would be considered a misconduct because hunting rifles where intended to kill animals and that is a legitimate cause for killing. but since cannibalism is extremely scarce people say they need guns for protection. but from what? there's the police there's the fbi that protect but just normal residents why do they need guns. every single time people have a conflict they don't try to peacefully solve the problem. a lot of them would just go crazy, grab their gun and start shooting at the other person they were having their conflict with. if they wouldn't have guns they might think two more times before reverting to the gun. people always think violence is the answer i can assure you it isn't and those that think violence isn't caused by guns but by people they should know that guns foster this violence and even intensify it on a catastrophic scale. the worst part of all is that because of the gun sales and the simplicity of acquiring a weapon, criminal organizations are heavily benefiting from this as well. the sinaloa cartel and various street gangs can simply order people to purchase weapons for them. if the opportunity weren't there it would be much more difficult for criminal organizations to acquire them. however criminal organizations can still smuggle weapons and get assault weapons but the ban on weapons could lower the murder rate and hinder organizations from bulking up with annihilating firepower. we should act fast and realize that we are protecting ourselves from the same thing that is supposed to protect us. guns are wrong and we need to find an alternative method. the constant killing has got to stop!
as a human i am disgusted as to the fact that people still want to buy guns despite the amount of death they cause. first let me say i am not against the sale of select weapons for hunting and farmers but no one else needs weapons and certainly no one needs fully automatic carbines or 12 gauge shotguns, why would anyone need weapons that are close to and are in some cases military grade?? the line "guns don't kill people, people do" is quite ridiculous as an argument for gun sales since it is "people" that the guns are being sold to!! it is just a case of prevention, remove guns being so easily accessible and you then decrease the gun crime and remove the need for guns to defend yourself. this is common sense, it's the reason why no countries are now allowed to make nuclear weapons, to say people deserve guns do defend themselves is to say places like iran and north korea should be able to make nuclear weapons to defend themselves and if you think that then clearly something is wrong
no. http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/ gun_control_laws_don_t_work_in_europe_or_anywhere_else_what_does_work_is_an_armed_society 
typically it is the maniacs who own the guns who kill people. sometimes, other methods of killing are used and have larger effects. for example, millions of jews were killed during the holocaust, sometimes with guns, but more times than not they were killed by poison. sometimes, bombs or blades are used more than guns. if no one has a gun, criminals will find some way of getting guns and killing the upstanding american citizen.
i own a gun! check the news- i haven't hurt a soul except for the animals i was going to eat.
you want to know why it's so easy to get drugs? because people get addicted and need the high, and there is good business behind it, not to mention the ingredients for weed and cocaine grow in the ground, so there is an unlimited supply. i completely agree that guns are dangerous in the hands of an evil or stupid person, but there are also countless accounts of accidental shootings. point being, guns are meant to hurt and harm, regardless of who owns them and for what reason. i understand that banning guns will not stop criminals from accessing them, but it will surely drop the crime rate and make it much harder to get a gun. imagine trying to fend off someone who is pointing a gun at you rather than a knife, which situation do you think you'd have a better chance of surviving?
i agree that gun should be banned. guns are really dangerous, they can kill people imediately and people have sentisive emotions. no one can sure that when we are anger we can regulate ourselves with a gun belong. without a gun, we can fight him, it does not a big matter, but when we use guns, we cannot regret.
the illegalization of fire weapons in the usa is a must! too many innocent people have died already please act now!
we are not talking about knives here... we are talking about guns. you have to start fixing a society somewhere and eliminating violence-inducing weapons is a first and important step
with all my respect, you are mixing things up. weapons used by the army are a different thing. weapons used for hunting animals are also a different thing. but selling to just about anybody weapons like the ones i see on tv sold in the usa is simply outrageous. you are killing each other! stop this madness please
that's it. get a gun for every one... you really have a problem in the usa with people supporting violence views such as this one. safety comes from goodness, trust, peace, love, not arms!
let is say that guns were banned in america, which would never happen there are too many gun lovers here. but theroeticly.... wouldbe criminals would get the gun(s) they wanted anyways. and a cheap gun is easy to make anyways. if guns were taken away then they would switch to that or go with shooting people with arrows or stabbing. violence will never be elliminated. this task is impossible. yes according to statistics many are killed by gun but many more are saved by them.
i am not mixing up. many crimes are also committed with guns that are used for hunting. these assult weapons and guns that are more deadly are bought by collectors and sport shooters. the few who get guns for killing often pre-meditate. they can't get the m16 that they saw on tv? they will switch to something else. a boltaction hunting rifle or another simiautomatic rifle. i am sorry to burst your bubble but killings like this will never stop. there are bad men out there that want to hurt others either because they like it, because they got mad at someone, or to better them selves. getting rid of assult weapons will do nothing. i do though applaud you for saying, with all due respect. i find few who show some form of respect on this site.
mass murderers should be detected and treated. and should not have access to guns. don't you see where the problem is?
you will never end violence with more violence. there must be a different approach. education, detection of violent people, information, etc, etc but providing easy access to guns is a poor way of trying to get a safe country. in my opinion.
never end violence with violence, ww1 and ww2. there are other approaches but many people are impaticent and want to take the easier way. you can't allways detect violent people. i am a calm person, i don't get normaly get mad and i don't lash out at people. i follow rules. you would know this if you knew me in person. last year though, in woods class at school, i was bullied and i was driven to the point where i wanted the guy to die. i delt with it through words but if it went much further i don't know what would have happened. yes i guess that your point, there is a smarter way around things but this is america. people don't want to get rid of guns. i respect your oppion and understand its points. its just that i choose the other side. i can see that none of us will budge; call a truce on this one?
i personally think our government will use this incident with help of the press to take our rights, guns and put martial law in effect. i saw how the press turned the public opinion from one military conflict to another, from baby killers in vietnam to hero's in the conflict in iraq and afgahanistan. china is holding the loan papers on our country and this is the largest comminist country in the world. i think what one mentally disturbed individual did was horrible and i pray for the children and teachers, the assualt weapon did not kill those people,this could happen with a revolver or a pump shotgun. please don't let what one sick person did to let our government take our rights away from us.
i believe we should ban guns in america because it's time that we grow up and stop believing we're still living in the wild west, that we're "top gun" fighters! it's time we snap out of our fantasies and paranoia fears that we need more guns to protect us from the other guy when it's pretty obvious that more people are killed within the safety of their own homes due to accidents or domestic altercations. i agree with pres. obama that the safety of our children must always comes first and has priority over our so-called constitutional rights to own a gun. we need to stop enabling serial killers who want to go down in a blaze of glory while taking innocent children, men, and women down with them. let's banned all guns, or at least assault weapons (the "barbie doll weapon with accessories!"). thank you. jenny
heroin, weed, coke, meth, all of these things are illegal but the illegal drug business is worth over 1 billion dollars in the us! if a criminal wants a gun he will get one just like drugs. the only thing that would change is next time someone decided to kill someone it would be like shooting fish in a barrel! we should have a right to defend ourselves!!!
i don't believe that the problem is weapons. the problem in this nation is the poor up bringing of children, we have lost the values that built this great country, we have lost respect for human life and forgot that we are brothers and sisters in humanity and the channels of communication have been shadowed by violence and newer generations that only believe in the importance of self image and respect in the streets. when i was an 8 year old girl my dad took me hunting for the first time, when i shot the rifle he gave me, i instantly fell in love with the sport. but it wasn't just the sport he taught me about, he also showed me the huge responsibility that lies behind that trigger but most of all he taught me that something so small like a bullet could change your life and someone else's in the blink of an eye, and if you ever harm someone with it... it must come down to fearing for your life. what we need in this country is education. we spend more money in prisons then colleges and then wonder why parents are not educating children with values now a days. it isn't guns that kill people, is the mentality these people carry around in their heads that kill other people. there is a bigger picture then what we are seeing here, and a bigger monster to tackle. if someone wants to kill, they will kill, gun or no gun. banning guns is not the solution. education is.
no, because it is a second amendment right to allow citizens to keep firearms. to control the sale of them is one thing, to ban them entirely is unconstitutional and a over reaction. look at all the car accidents that result from reckless drivers. should we ban the cars to prevent such accidents. no. such a overreaction is like burning down a house trying to roast a pig.
the second amendment is made for a militia that would work to protect the communities. if the fathers of the nation would know what they have done they would decide do not create the "free" america. there is no freedom that have been made to kill people and destroy the life. the fathers of the american democracy developed the freedoms to make a country of individuals with high spirit and good will. is it good will to keep tens of guns at home to protect from everybody - that thinking is much closer to a thinking of a psicho than to a thinking of a normal men. there are organizations that make a lot of money making american psichos. the true is that even if you had your two or three guns in a massacres you wouldnt be able to use any of those without to take a good part of the mass killing. when in such case the police arrive you will be more likely to be killed as offendor that to be greeted as a protector. and what is the result at the end - just a scene of a stupid bloody holliwood movie. the true is that the only way to make america safer is to remove the guns completely from the american home and american streets. if owing a gun will be a criminal act all those gangs will be put in prisons for less than a week. the mad guys with mad plans will be put in the hospitals for a week. and the country will become safe and nice place where you can walk even after 9pm. look at the countires in the world. is america the safest one or not and why. having senators aand rep.'s talking that the gun would protect a teacher in a school or a child - isn't it a sign of madness. those guys for sure shouldnt be let having guns. if they are so mad how mad would be their kids. if there is a fine if you let a kid to smoke or drink before the age of 18 or 21 isn't it stupid to allow the same kid to learn to shoot with guns on aim. and of course the question comes - did god say - not kill (there was nothink like - not drink or not smoke). or the gun lobists think that the god will work for their lobbies too. is not a shame or fun for sure - it is a stupidity and fearlessness from the true but the punishment comes till the live time. the god is good but doesn't forget. so weird was to hear religious people stating that the guns are not the issue. they for sure are the issue. the issue are the man and women that believe only in their guns and don't know how mental sick they are.
you live in holliwood movie i see. but after the movie the actors are alive. in the real world if you have rambo everywhere you will have killed people everywhere and guess who will be killed - good or bad. wake up or drink your drugs on time.
cars aren't weapons. anything can be used as a weapon but that doesn't make it a weapon (meaning it's primary purpose is to kill someone).
thing is, full on gun bans don't work. not if you already have really lax gun laws to begin with. not even restrictions would work in our society. you see, millions, if not, probably trillions of firearms and related items have been diffused across the united states over the past sixty years. like all material items, a lot of these guns, and i mean a lot, have been traded, sold, bought again, or locked away in storage and forgotten. a lot of them at gun shows, where one can purchase a new or used firearm without having to register it. even if the government were to go down the list, name by name, of everyone who's registered a firearm, at least 95% of those names would be outdated, as the owner had sold it a long time ago. my next point is that we would be defenseless. look at australia, for instance. one small shooting and -boom!- no more guns. of course, guns are not fully banned, but are really hard to acquire. that being said, when the government asked for all the guns back, the good, law-abiding people coughed them up, while the criminals kept them. this resulted in an increased crime rate. the baddies had nothing to fear, because the odds that their targets had a weapon was slim to none. lastly, even if you banned guns, and everyone -even the criminals- handed them in like good little minions, the criminals could very easily just acquire them illegally; that, or come after you with a hatchet or machete. honestly, if i had a choice, i'd rather be popped once in the head with a .45 than be hacked to death, piece by piece, while i'm still breathing. wouldn't you?
there is no way to be sure that people will not use guns to harm or kill innocent people, like in the 2006 pennsylvanian amish school shooting. guns offer too much power that some people will not use carefully and kill gratuitously.
yes but if the principles or any of the teachers of school shootings that have happened over the years the principles/teachers would have been able to shoot the man and might have even stopped the man from even shooting anyone.
enforce the laws we already have, more than 10,000 people die from drunk driving and most of them are from second and third offenders because some peice of shit money hungry lawer got them off. the asshole who killed those two fireman only did 18 years in jail for killing his grand mother with a hammer, he killed a human being with a freaking hammer for god sake and some lawer got him to only serve 18 years, put that lawers name on the internet along with the judge who let him out. come to my house and try and take my guns i actually leave my doors unlocked hoping some porolled ass hole breaks in. if more people carried guns assholes would have to think twice about commiting a crime
any gun control is unconstitutional. so no, guns should not be banned nor should any type of ban be in place. 2nd amendment: a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. any law to limit type of gun used, owned, or banned guns, ammo, magazine size, etc. is by definition infringement of the 2nd amendment because the government is telling its people whats ok and not ok. where in any of that ideology of gun control laws does that spell freedom? once the infringement begins with the 2nd amendment where will it stop? government says movies and video games are to violent and ban them. big macs, soda, and fries make you to fat so we'll ban those. gun laws and bans are put in place that only affect good law abiding free citizens. criminals do not follow laws. that is by definition a criminal!!! they will steal guns, get them from the black market, or from any illegal shipments from other countries if they have to. most of these mass shootings happen in so called "gun free zones". where gun control laws prohibit good law abiding citizens from carrying a gun to protect themselves and others. these gun free zones like schools, hospitals, post offices, most government areas, as well as buisnesses and public conventions that post no gun allowed signs, are basically advertising to these criminals, psychos, and mass murders that this will be a easy place to slaughter people because no one can defend themselves!!! how often do you hear of a mass shooting or gun related firefight at a place where there are known 100's of gun carriers like gun shows, police stations, or nra conventions? because criminals know some people will be packing a gun there and it will not be easy. there are thousands of stories where armed citizens stop criminals, in many cases without firing a shot and just showing the gun. the liberal media today mostly just films the major gun massacres and shootings because its big news, gets peoples attention, ratings, and promotes their agenda for gun control.
true, people kill people, no guns, but guns allow a person to kill many people in a short time. if that nut didn't have a gun, how kids do you think hw wouldv'e been able to kill with a knife or club before being subdued? a gun gives that person the feeling like he is invincible, which makes it easier for him to go on a killing spree. if he wasn't able to get a gun, all those kids would be alive today, except maybe one. if gun owners would think of that, instead of there own selfish desires to have a gun, alot of children would still be alive today. reports show that a small percentage of gun owners actually use a gun to defend themselves, there are more killed with a gun, than those using a gun to protect themselves, they cain't say it's used for selfdefense. with all the guns in the hands of so called law abiding citizens, why are so many children massacred today? where are they using there guns to protect? gun owners don't want to give up there guns because of there selfish desire to own one. they want to say "what about my rights", whats more important, there desire to own something they will rarely use, or those childrens rights that was killed to grow up? they don't need it for food, thats what stores are for. i guess they just like to shoot helpless beings to see blood, what a minute, that sounds like that nut who shot all those kids! maybe we really do need to outlaw guns.
who said shotguns isn't a deadly tool? you ever see what damage it does to a body? thats why the army uses them!!!!!!!
true, if you want to hunt, get a bow, its more sporting anyway. whats the sport in shooting a deer 300 yards away?
if being american is going aroubd schools and shooting little kids because its american, maybe i need to leave.
i dont agree, it doesnt matter what kind of gun it was. if auto guns didnt exist... it still woulda heppened..... if no guns existed at all..... it still woulda happened...... same amount of people... same outcome... wich is people dead.. i do think they would of still killed 20 kids and 6 teachers if that was his intention...... never said anything about slapping either... i said that he would train and train... idc if it took 10 years..... he wouldve made it a point... to make what he wanted to happen... happen.. he would plan it to the t... and make sure that they died.. if thats what he wanted... one way or another.. without a gun or knife... if thats what he wanted... thats how crazy people work. i dont agree..... if those people ( crazy people ) had a sledgehammer ( a gun) i do not think that they would drive the coffin ( kill people) in the ground faster than if they had a regular hammer... ( their own fists and feet ) ...... because..... those people who are crazy enough to do that, are also crazy enough to make sure it happens.. and put plan, and effort into it... they would learn martial arts, (the kind that can kill people in the blink of an eye ( the same speed as a bullet))... our human body is just as dangerous as a gun... and those crazy ass people would put so much training and planning into their actions that the same result would happen. ( my opinion ( as this is a debate)).
communist these days are just a label on top of a country that has government placing crazy amount of restrictions to shape a society into something. but yes, i still say that word because it is absurd to tax civilian 50% plus on the middle class income. go figure!
i think guns should be allowed in schools only if the teacher or principal has at least two years of experience on how a gun works and how to shoot a gun and also for protection of the students
gun is too dangerous! gun is too dangerous! gun is too dangerous! gun is too dangerous! gun is too dangerous! gun is too dangerous! gun is too dangerous!
i agree with you. the experience is very important! i agree with you. the experience is very important!
good poetry but outlaws are not the only problem. you haven´t tought about massacres in schools, have you? these pupils shooting around would definitly thing about what they ´re actually doing if it would´t be this easy to get guns.this would prevent many children from dying!
while i think it would be too soon to "ban guns in america" outright.. i firmly believe we need to ask ourselves is a gun in everyone's hand really the world we want to live in? guns need not be banned right away.. but i do believe our goal should be cultivating a world where we don't need guns. that's our goal. that is different from what is really taking place but that is our goal. life and the preservation of life is the most important thing. our mission should be to preserve life. there is an unrealistic feeling of "control" that a gun gives you. basically blinding people to think that somehow they can be above the natural godly chaos of the world. if someone really wants to kill you, there's not much of a chance of you defending yourself. if you believe in a higher power there is no reason to be scared. if it the spirit within us all is collective than you really don't have anything to fear but fear itself. as far as one post stating if we all had money and the basic essentials than there would be no reason for guns... i think this sentiment is spot on. nobody ever discusses the real reason criminals have guns. there are too many to name, but they all usually go back to an unhealthy relationship to money and greed in our society, the paper chase. i'm not saying we need to be communists. even ancient rome fed it's peasants in the street. there is a civic as well as a spiritual responsibility we have towards mankind. we are all on the same side here. our individual salvation depends on our collective salvation. you can't keep killing the problem. you must educate and preserve life. on a small scale guns could be replaced with tasers and other close range defense mechanisms. guns initial purpose was to defend against the tyranny of government by forming militia. which i would argue a gun or semi automatic won't do much against our current military. the 2nd amendment is dated to say the least. it was meant for defending against indians and the british. i'm pretty sure the peaceful education of our enemies and ourselves has turned these foes into our brothers. the world is more educated than ever... and there are social networking sites and the internet which can disseminate information faster than ever. we can either be part of a global arms race and kill ourselves or we can seek virtue, truth, and education in order to live in harmony. i will add that guns aren't really the issue at hand. it's a disconnection to our spirituality. and not a religious spirituality, a mankind spirituality that connects us all. if we really loved all life (not liked) but loved life we would be in favor of preserving it and educating the world to preserve it. guns are just a reminder of our mortal beings and immortal souls.
i think that guns are not bad but if they are used in a bad way then they can do realharm. this is why people are dying because people are using the guns in wrong ways which will mean to veryy sad consiquences.
guns should be not banned but i think they should be a bit more restricted with more secured information on buyer of the gun.
yes, there should be guns in america because americe right now is turning into comunism and we need to fight back! if the guns were banned we would be in comunism or scared because the president has all the guns and he could kill us! obama is a comunist and we need to fight back!
are you crazy?! ban cars really? how are we going to get around in this bloody place then lad? how? that is dumbest idea ever!
who ever voted up is the stupedist person ever and you are a democrat or as i like to call it comunism!
what sucks is both sides have some valid points but one side is going about it all wrong. limiting guns or their capacities to hold ammunition will not stop the violence it will only change the tools used but probably not even that as we see in examples. whats worse than guns in this country is our technicalities. all a technicality should do is save someone from being put to death. there should be no instances where we consider someones background for a crime committed and its sentence. but then again there are so many things considered a crime in this country any more just to generate capital that everything needs to be considered before a change like that can happen. we've complicated things so much because we allow feelings get in the way of the real agenda. protection is a basic right from anyone and from anything, murder is not and until that is addressed, all these what-if scenarios to create an agenda are wrong. yes they occur and must be addressed but it should not be mixed into another agenda. the gun owners using any verbal ammunition no pun intended to protect their rights as you have seen are only retaliating to all these what-if scenarios you create to infringe on their rights, which is also your right if you choose to accept it. these men and women have not done anything wrong for you to attack them and are only defending themselves from an attack. the second amendment was put into law by the law for they knew the travesties that could happen when law corrupts. we as individuals know how the country 'should' work but we do not see all the gears turning and changing and many times these gedon'tdont get oiled or over oiled and we must keep our basic rights unscathed or we will then be scathed. i understand we are complex beings but if we keep over complicating certain things the real problems will never get addressed. so to all you homos who write all these long drawn out stories thinking because of it your agenda has won because of it. eat this. mines bigger than most of yours and im not talking about my story haha and i'm trained not controlled for all you wise a$$es haha.
the number 1 weapon used in a violent crime is a baseball bat... not a gun. plus, when your endangered, the police are minutes away when only seconds count to save your life. guns should not be banned because then the government would become to powerful. if it is a right, then that shouldn't be able to be taken away from you. they should take baseball bats away before guns because #1, they are easier to get. also, a gun is only dangerous if its used by the wrong person.
• people can use the guns for self-defence. • if we ban it, gangsters will be the only ones to be able to have guns by smuggling it. we won’t be able to defend ourselves. • many people will not use it to kill people so it wouldn’t matter a lot if everyone could get one. • people will not be able to hunt for recreation.
• it will reduce murders and shootings. • people will not be able to feel safe if everyone can have a gun. • children will be given a bad example when they see parents that have guns. • statistics show that canada, uk, and australia have lower rates of gangs. this is because they ban guns. • mentally ill people might accidently use it if they get hallucinations or think they are in danger, even if they are perfectly safe. • the government can’t have any gun control. • gun violence is making us lose billions of dollars. • it causes obstacles to economic growth. • we can’t let a shooting like the connecticut shooting happen again.
rsfhshfsgsgsdgggfssdffgasd sdo djks sdkl klas jkls lkasd fladks lkas lasd asd la lsd lsk laks lkasd kasd flkafklasf a asdf asf asf as fadf a
rsfhshfsgsgsdgggfssdf sd sa a a a aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
asdfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
spam counter. 
spam counter. 
spam counter. 
im just here for a oral report due tomorrow.... this has nothing to do with the debate sorry guys!
idiots who say guns don't kill people. it is 10x easier to kill someone with a gun than with a knife
idiots who say guns don't kill people. it is 10x easier to kill someone with a gun than with a knife.
guns are dangerous even though when they are banned people will still make them people think that they will still use them less people will use them less deaths will be by guns.
i would love to live in a world where we didnt need nuclear weapons. unfortunately, we do. yes, most of europe wants to give them up, but what aboout north korea? what about iran? if those 2 countries ever got one and one that worked. iran is trying to make one, dont believe all that uranium is just for nuclear power. ahmideinejhad himself said once he has nuclear capabilities, he would use them. n korea tried launching some of their own. thank god they didnt work. as long as there are people out there willing to use them, everyone who has them should keep them in standby. the only defense for a nuclear attack is to send up our own nukes to intercept them, and we can.
if i could avoid it yes. but i'd hurt ur feelings with words any day .. .lol!
ah great a troll it seems. 
troll him back. ;)
guns dont kill people! i am against assualt gun bans! not only are these toy fun and look good, they are a simble of american freedom. however gun education and gun safty are important. for example, teach a child not to play with guns and that they can and will kill people. assualt guns are already tough to come by, this would only effect law abiding citizens! it would also mean people who illeagaly buy guns can so easily kill us without guns. so if you ban guns even more poeple might die to them. with a gun in your hand for defence you can kill the person tring to kill you. beter them then you right?
"i ask, sir, what is the millitia? it is the whole people, to disarm the people is the best and most effective way to enslave them." -george mason 1788
guns don't kill people. people kill people. its not everyone's right to have a gun but that doesn't mean they should be banned. we just need a true sense of self control and some more protection against guns by simply giving out bullet proof vest as some sort of promotion or public service.
yean, and chicago and dc works well for you. even if you ban everything in this country, you have people that fabricate their own firearms including importing it over from mexico, legally and illegally. wake up. you have been living in a box.
car is easier to run things over. much easier than throwing stone, rocks, or logs. every single existing thing in this world is a double sided blade. the more powerful, the more you have to be cautious to use it. guns were used to protect innocent 9 times out of 10. should we let 9 innocent people gamble their lives without gun just so we can lie to ourselves that another 1 out of 10 would be safe. since criminals find black market and don't obey law. what's the point. saying banning guns would make our society safer is completely delusional. it's like speaking without logic but pure emotion.
would you post a sign in front of your house saying "i don't believe in guns. i don't have a gun, neither should you."
it's not for sporting, it's for defending yourself. you can move to england if you like commie ideas.
wooowwww such an awesome way to stick that whole situation in the derb derb's face .. lol
no guns don't kill people , people kill people and saying gun kill people is saying that people don't toast , toast but that toast,toast,toast once after this debate went major i set out a gun with it loaded setting it in a lawn chair right beside me in my front yard and numerous people went by like the mailman guys on motorcycles and little girls playing and despite all the chances the gun had to shot someone about one thousand times that day and it never happened but then i went hunting found a nice deer and then i yes i shot the deer and it died by who me have you ever noticed that guns never get credit for killing but the person does ? that's because the person kills the person shots not the gun unless there like the toy story characters and walk around when i'm not looking which i highly doubt so people kill people and people toasts toast
guns don't kill people. there should be perhaps more restrictions or background checks (for people with mental disorders, etc.) but the only people that would be affected by banning guns would be the lawful citizens. if you make it illegal to rob a bank, the criminals would continue robbing banks even if it was illegal. criminals would still use guns. they don't care what the law is. responsible gun owners (like myself) use them for lawful reasons. mainly i have guns for hunting, riflery, etc. not even with an emphasis on personal protection, however not against it.
they are not a waste. i use them for hunting, an important pastime not only for food but for growing closer with my family for which it is a tradition. also for personal protection, and marksmanship, a worthwhile hobby.
disarmed people = are dominated people simple as that so do we really want to ban guns?
the reason some extreme islamic people hate america is because they see us as the center of the atheistic western world. they would hate us whether we kill them or not.
well then wouldn’t the best solution be to educate people rather than punish everyone?
with bigger, more important issues than gun control looming around, i think gun control can wait. plus, it isn't exactly a nat'l security threat, considering the current population, roughly 314 million strong, and birth rates in the us, 30k lives to gun related homicide a year is a small price to pay. you'd think, with the gun control side composed of lawyers with remarkable skill, they'd know better than to badger people with emotional pleas like their favorite argument, think of the children. these incidents are famous because they happen so rarely. my niece and nephew go out in public all the time and the come home in one piece 99.99% of the time. all i have to say to the parents of the newtown victims is i'm sorry this happened to you, it is simply tragic, but dwelling on it won't make the pain go away, surely you understand that life is unfair and uncertain, i mean, you're all older and wiser than i am, right?
yes, i believe this to be a valid argument. i personally support you argument completely; especially the license. to those who say that guns should be banned completely, there are those uses of guns which should be allowed, for example, hunting animals?
guns can have other uses, such as hunting. also banning guns won't stop criminals getting guns. guns can be smuggled to criminals illegally.
i personally think guns should be allowed, but with a license. there are other uses for guns, such as hunting animals. also banning guns won't stop gun crimes, as they can be simply gained illegally, such as smuggling.
it is only reasonable to ban specific guns like bazookas or really any thing found in the military.
i would agree with you if you can 100% control all the guns out of criminals hand, including us government. if you think the government is awesome and do everything right for you and to you, then you are blind 110% of the time, all the time, everytime. says who? says me, former information security engineer.
therefore we should have those rifles and ready for gorilla warfare. that's how afghanis' win the war. but, i know for sure that us government won't let it get to that point. 1, military personal will side with constitution, at least 80% of them. 2, government won't do anything stupid that won't really get money from our tax dollar. therefore, they won't wage war with citizens. however, you do need those rifles to keep the government in check for your own safety.
therefore, we should be like swiss, 1 year of reserve service. government provided ammo every year to practice. citizens are allowed to purchase the rifle and learn how to use it.
ha ha ha ha ha thanks for the great laugh. our second amendment was given to us so we the people can uprise against the government if needed. the criminals will always be there to break the law and will find guns illegally. if you have your home broken into and you have no gun then you better hope you can run faster then the bullet they will have following you.
you my friend are and idiot. if i hand a gun to a mentally fit person who knows how to handle the gun then they shall be fine and will not kill someone. hand the same gun to a person who has a mental issue and also can handle that gun you have a murder on your hands. banning the gun will not help the unstable person they will use some other weapon to commit the crimes their brain tells them to. help the unstable person and then no murder.
ummm you appear to view the other side. maybe you should figure out which side you are on first. but your point is perfect. i am going to guess you own a gun.
what do we do if we're mad in america then? this restricts our flow of emotions.
i'm gonna have to disagree with you there. no matter how hard a martial artist trained, i don't see how they could be able to kill people as fast as a semi-automatic weapon. yes, people would have still been killed, but that many? i don't think so. when i say yes to the question "should guns be banned in america?", i don't believe that hunting guns would need to be banned. yes, they can kill people, but not as fast as a semi-automatic, giving more time for the criminal to be stopped. i do not see the need for semi-automatic weapons to be purchased by anyone. when you go hunting, i doubt you assault the deer. i do agree with you on what you said about how crazy people will go far to make their point, but i still believe that semi-automatics should be banned. that is just my opinion.
yah duh, he just said he uses it lololol though i also think it's a good point .
with guns there is less crime, with no guns crime will go up by 99%
guns most certainly should be banned in america. as a canadian, i know this argument better than any american alive today. whilst true that guns do not kill people, they provide those with the ability to kill. look at all of those school murders. the theatre murders. need i go on? had those who committed the murders been denied access to such weapons, those children would still be alive today. to allow others the ability to own guns puts our children in danger.
an absolutely ridiculous viewpoint. those who commit such crimes have access to guns. remove such access and you have no crime. one need only create a stronger police force, with tougher laws to back them up. the liberals have so weakened our laws against criminals that it is absurd. capital punishment should be brought back and in greater force. armed gangs should be wiped out via the use of your military. if you have a military, use it.
hunting is an important pasttime? never heard of a grocery store?
the police are handcuffed by liberal laws which deny them the ability to properly do their job. these days, criminals have more rights than law-abiding citizens. blame your society, not the police. the threat of death must be held over the head of every criminal who seeks to kill by arms. ever wonder why there was no crime in the former soviet union?
you can be 'enslaved' whether you have the right to guns or not. you are going to use your handgun, with no training whatsoever, against highly-trained, well-equipped soldiers? none too bright, are you? your state will enslave you whether you like it or not. rather difficult to do in a democratic society, i should think.
here, in canada, it has been discovered that by far the majority of guns used in the commission of a crime originated from the usa. criminals smuggled them across the border into canada. this proves gun control works. we need only tighten up our border, and the crime ends. simple. we had only recently begun to arm our border guards, which is ridiculous. our border should not only have armed guards, but our military should be stationed along the border with the usa to keep your violence out of my country. those caught smuggling arms into canada should be shot on the spot. no questions asked. no trial. nothing. end of.
but, do they not ban drunk drivers from driving again? i see you fail to understand the point of banning weapons. just as cars do not kill people, but their drivers do, so do the owners of handguns. it is difficult to control those who would own guns just as it is difficult to control those who own cars. we cannot ban cars, but, we can ban those who have proven to be difficult the right to drive them. as weapons are not cars, but objects designed solely to kill, they should be banned outright.
tell me, what is the entire point of having a police force? if you have weapons, then why bother keeping a police force? or a military for that matter? people like you simple do not get it.
the solution is quite simple. go after those arms dealers, and execute them on the spot. i cannot believe how simple this is, yet no one thinks about it. that's liberalism for you.
you hear a footstep nearby. you are frightened. you see someone. in fear, you pull the fucking trigger, killing the poor bastard who just happened to be nearby. what did he ever do to you? you get into an argument with a friend of yours. you become so pissed you pull out your gun and put a few holes into his head. ever hear of the wild west, my good man? feel free to run along.
how did said bad guy obtain a gun in the first place? no doubt they are readily available thanks to your lax gun laws.
this is a wonderful example of how crazy the anti gun people can get.
guns can kill so many people in just a short amount of time.
this isn't very new, but it's true. if guns are outlawed, only outlaws have guns. i've heard supporters of gun control peck at this unoriginality, claiming it to be a weakness. the reason we repeat this is because it's true. gun control needs to die and the people supported gun control should focus on what makes criminals. also, before you blame money, it's not money, it's finding wants to be more important than things like morals and others
no! obama= onebigassmistakeamerica! hillary will be the death of this country.. i'm menopausal and i know i shouldn't have control of nukes! and that crazy bat should be in a straight jacket..
a very relevant point in today's society. it's not like hunting is the only way to get food anymore.
the second amendment: a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.
no!!! this great nation’s founding fathers adopted the 2nd amendment in 1791, which protects the right of individuals to keep and bear arms in america: “a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.” i believe that once ultra liberal politicians and voters begin (actually they have already begun) to chip away and erode our inalienable constitutional rights, american as we currently know it, will quickly begin to implode within and eventually crumble. just read history…its happened repeatedly since the dawn of civilization. if the 2nd amendment were to go away, then guess what, so then will the 1st amendment, 3rd amendment, 4 amendment, and so on. starting to see a pattern here america? guns are just inanimate objects, no different than a car, a knife, a hammer or a baseball bat (all of which can just as easily kill people btw). hmmm, so lets outlaw cars, knives, hammers and baseball bats too. yea right. do you see how utterly ridiculous and useless gun control is! so you see…guns don’t kill people…people kill people. lets focus on fixing the root of america's core problems: the mental health crisis, stop letting prisoners out of prison, stronger parental control over their children playing violent video games and tv, fixing our broken judicial system, and the list goes on and on. besides…even if all guns were confiscated by the government, tens of thousands of illegal guns will still be easily attainable via the black market and the cartels.
if you shoot people they can die or get hurt very badly.why should people do that and this is why guns should be banned from america
idiots with guns: yes. guns in general: no. if you don't keep your weapon secure around children, or give a machine gun to a kid to fire at your gun range( wtf?) or are deemed mentally unstable you should be deemed unworthy to carry a deadly firearm. responsible people should own guns.
i have seen enough. even if people say that the gun is just the object and it is the person who sets the trigger, the government is not doing enough to look after people who do such mas murders. the social system is failing them and so the only way to protect society is to ban guns completely. this is a weapon that can be used for destruction by certain people. if the system is not able to stop people getting ready access to such weapon them then we must stop giving them guns altogether.
yes it should. why do people need guns when leaving in such a protected place. in japan here, the place is calming and not attacks can be heard, why not drop down those guns and make a world the calming place. the gun laws are outdated i myself am not american, but in my opinion guns should be banned, or have very strict laws placed on them. i know the other side goes on about having "a right to bare arms", which is all well and good, but having studied american history, it is easy to see that the main reason guns and possibly the creed "a right to bare arms" itself existed as america was an incredibly lawless place at one time, and so people needed to have their own means of protection. but we're in the 21st century now, leave protection to those who's jobs it is to protect people, people who are well-trained like police officers etc. simply, america's obsession with guns is little more than paranoia and a fear of change, and while some individuals may offer compelling arguments of why the law should stay, it's undeniable that a majority are simply afraid of change.
the purpose of guns isn't to kill people. it's what people do with them, but it's not their purpose. just like a kitchen knife isn't meant to cut things. it's meant to prepare food, as a gun is meant for protection. also, mass shootings are a pretty recent phenomena and are relatively rare in the scope of gun violence. guns save way more people than they endanger, it's just that mass shootings make for juicier stories than self-protection in a home invasion. banning guns is essentially taking away our inalienable right to protect ourselves. criminals don't follow the law, so what makes you think a criminal wouldn't own a gun illegally in a ban. the only thing that happens is an imbalance of power has been made. certain people, namely criminals and police, are now more powerful than the people in need of protection. as for "heavier" guns, i think that ownership of them comes with freedom. anyone has the choice to own a fast car, but those kill more people than guns do, so why not ban them? because it's ridiculous.
i am against banning guns in america, but this argument does not make sense. the purpose of a gun is to fire a lethal projectile for the purposes of hunting or protection, and the purpose of a kitchen knife is to cut things for the purpose of food preparation.  that is very true. you'll get far more viewers from covering mass shootings than you will covering a story about how gun related crimes are at a historic low, and still decreasing.  it doesn't take away our inalienable right to protect ourselves, it just makes it harder. one could still protect themselves without a gun, though you'd have to try a lot harder. as for criminals, the fact that some people will break a law is generally not considered a good reason to avoid having said law all together.
i agree with @kk0bbr's argument all except for point number two. if there we equal money, power and respect, the world would be chaos. let's start with if there was equal money. if there was equal money, many would not be content as greed is a large part in human nature, and the end result would be an even more imbalanced society as there would not be both rich and poor people to balance the scale, simply rich people and average earners. next, if there was equal power. if there was equal power, the america would be a state of anarchy, resulting in uncivilization and no rules/laws for citizens to follow. if people made rules, they would have more power, resulting in a big jolt for the economy and the state of everyday activities. and last, if people had equal respect, we would have no-one to aspire to be like, no idol for us to follow the path of. we would be the same in a way. also, it is impossible to keep everyone equally respected due to the fact that people engage in activities, which may decrease or elevate your level of respect given from others. overall, i agree that it would not make a difference.
this debate topic should be come and solved more early than today. it's already late to ban the guns. most of the poeple in america are having the gun to protect themselves. if the gun law is abolished, however, it's absolute that some poeple wouldn't give their gun to government. this will occur pople to increase their anxiety.
this debate topic should be come and solved more early than today. it's already late to ban the guns. most of the poeple in america are having the gun to protect themselves. if the gun law is abolished, however, it's absolute that some poeple wouldn't give their gun to government. this will occur pople to increase their anxiety.
guns are security and safety tools. if you take them away there is less security.
...which is why in america, guns are used as a murder weapon twice as often as every other murder weapon combined.
that report shows clearly that it's people killing people, not guns. look at switzerland. and then there are lies, damn lies and statistics. "... children are already pretty safe in schools as is. a very small number of the 30,000 annual gun deaths take place in schools." so where's the problem?
what are these lies? and how do you know they are lies?
vince vaughn says "banning guns is like banning forks": celebrities respond http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf6uvwkv9pe 
fireworks are banned because they are dangerous, likewise, guns should be banned.
it is now 2015 and the gun violence continues to rise. ban guns!
the gun violence is america has to stop! i wish guns were banned in america.
it is now 2015 and the gun violence continues to increase in america. this is an american shame!
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
can a gun get up, walk over to someone, and shoot them? no. it's the person behind the gun because think about it. for a war or conflict to be started, it needs to be started by someone who can declare war. someone who can say, "this is war". guns can make decisions, guns can't talk, guns can't move around on there own. for the people who think guns shouldn't be aloud i think live in a cartoon, a g rated cartoon.
guns kill america is the most violent, most incarcerated country why we have the most guns
leave the country.
no guns don't kill people, its the person who holds it that kills people.
as a tool, guns certainly kill people. well, bullets do, rather, but that's nit picking. the person using the gun is indeed responsible, but when one uses a tool, that tool is certainly being used. so yes, the bullet fired by the gun is doing the killing. the person who holds it simply decides who is being killed. it's nonsense, but that's the nature of this whole "guns don't kill people, people do" shtick that really has no legitimate place in a conversation about guns.
guns are useful, especially if a government would be susceptible to tyrannism, and i would put verification laws that would go survey and examine ones person mental health etc., yes it has a legitimate place in the conversation about guns... who uses the guns? people, and who's been doing terror attacks? people, reasons why these people do terror attacks? depression and illegal or unlicensed firearms and most of them have mental disabilities.
guns do not do the killing. it is a mere choice whether to partake in such a demeaning activity. you are the murderer, not the gun. in fact, weaponry can also be argued to be a manoeuver of self defence! take that!
1. guns kill children how many kids need to die before we get it? 2. protect against what? in some cases, the killer has taken the victim's gun and killed them. 3. it's outdated. seriously, when this law was written the were no automatic machine guns, the guns were heavy and hard to use, native americas were still attacking, and slavery was still legal. 4. humans "flight or fight" response. you're more likely to defend yourself with a kitchen knife than running all the way to your safe and doing the combination, you'd be a goner. 5. guns kill more people than any other weapon, and are a lot harder to defend against. you way way more likely to survive one stab wound physically unharmed than a gun shot wound. plus, you still have a chance to defend yourself against a knife, how do you defend yourself against a gun?
i think to a certain degree that they should be banned. for example, a mutha fukin m16 m60 fal fn.
many people are killed, because of guns. we should ban it.
we will need those guns once the revolution starts. http://tinyurl.com/6caxn9
all i've seem so far is debates about politics and religion. how about some debates on sex? make love, not war.
i think everyone should have the right to hang a pair of bear arms in their house/appartment
no, for obvious reasons. as v said "the people shouldn't fear their government, the government should fear their people". look at cuba, they can't revolt against their government because they have no weapons, so instead they all just come here, or whore themselves to american tourists. our founding fathers gave us this right because the people must stay in control. the only way for the people to stay in control is to have superior strength. lets face it, in this day in age, that means superior fire power.
remember, remember, the 5th of november, the gunpowder treason and plot. i know of no reason, why the gunpowder treason, should ever be forgot. how could this have happened if we didnt have the right to bear arms?
because sex is not nearly as much fun to debate. but feel free to make up some debates about sex and invite me. hey, it's the #1 pastime of humanity!
from the nyt: "today the supreme court will hear arguments in a politically charged challenge to the district of columbia’s gun control laws. the case poses a vital question: can cities impose reasonable controls on guns to protect their citizens? the court should rule that they can." from the bill of rights: "a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed." from my perspective, its pretty clear that guns in cities are not tied to militia service. therefore, reasonable limits are acceptable.
people who think gun control actually works haven't begun to research the subject. the worst shootings in recent history have taken place in so called "gun free zones," like schools and post offices. this is because these shooters can do their thing practically unabated. imagine the conditions that elicit death in virginia tech were the same conditions around the country... when guns are criminalized, only the criminals will have the guns. people have the right and obligation to defend themselves.
ah, v was quoting thomas jefferson. are the people of cuba very discontent? i'm not contradicting you, i'm really wondering. i had heard that this was american propaganda; the "refugees" who come here are simply in search of more money, due to a weak cuban economy (caused by american policies in the first place). the cuban i met said that most people there are pretty content with the way their country is run.
the video you presented is very persuasive. guns serve the function of keeping everyone equal. while it is the case that some people may use guns for malicious ends, if everyone had a gun, and assuming everyone wanted to preserve the peace, the risk of gun related violence would decrease.
this is an easy argument for all the cliches: guns don't kill people people kill people, and as archie bunker said "would you rather someone push someone out of a window. "bottom line murderers are going to kill regardless of how. did you see the guy in japan? guns are a necessity to a free nation.
well, most of my family came from there ;). yeah, most hate it. i'm surrounded by them, and they all hate castro and they all hate communism. although, the ones who get here nowadays, even though they hate castro's regime, still think in a communist way. they're so used to it, that they don't know why they hate it there in the first place. they just know it sucks.
this shouldn't even be a debate.
the problem is our culture. in switzerland, gun ownership is mandatory. their murder rate is near zero, because their culture does not glorify violence.
when governments no longer use weapons as an effective tool, then the people might consider giving up such things. but when each and every government uses guns to not only assert their authority but to also acquire more property makes asking the people to ignore this fact of life and take a passive role in their own future...highly dubious. authority comes in one form on this planet, that is regrettably, with a weapon in ones hand ; mad mutual assured destruction. how willing is a thief when they think the victim may be armed? odd how it is commonly overlooked that not one country would exist without guns.
well seeing how the average male has an attention span of a 3 month old baby and the emotional capacity of a teaspoon its not that hard to tell. but these days its either sex, tv or food. not just sex...
here in the us the second amendment exist for one reason and one reason alone: governments can always turn on the people. here it is in all of it's glory: a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. basically, the country needs an army to be a country, but the founders had just experienced their own country's army at the time (england) being used against them and taking away their weapons en masse. therefore they enshrined the second amendment in the bill of rights just in case it ever became necessary to overthrown the government they created if it had lost its way. yes, the founders ensured your ability to overthrown the government if that need ever arose. america, fuck yeah.
down voted for whining about this irrelevant shit here instead of actually starting a debate thread about exactly what you are talking about .
am armed society is a polite society. ;)
i don't think that is possible, because even if we do, viva la black market! hahaha. it isn't ganna cut back on crime, but it'll increase the chance of a revolt against our government.
lol. so true! so very true!
definition of militia according to princeton's wordnet: civilians trained as soldiers but not part of the regular army. the first part of the second amendment (and the only part you cite) says "a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state." this basically says an army of civilians trained to like soldiers, but not actual soldiers, is necessary for our security. it's true, we should have civilians trained in the art of using weapons there for our security, instead of only relying on the police force or military our government provides us with. the second part of the second amendment (the part you don't cite) says "the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed." this part says clear as day that we as people, have the right to not just keep our arms, but to also bear or use them. this goes hand in hand with the first part because a militia of citizens can't be armed without this second part. if you read some quotes from the founding fathers, then you can see for yourselves just how they felt about owning guns. "the constitution shall never be construed to authorize congress to prevent the people of the united states, who are peaceable citizens, from keeping their own arms." - samuel adams "the strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." -thomas jefferson "a free people ought to be armed." - george washington "no free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms." -thomas jefferson
one up vote for the hard work (research). really good quotes backing your argument.
eh, maybe it's because it's mandatory? plus, we have waaay more people and have much more access to weapons than other large civilizations. this is probably why more of us need to be armed. but not enough of us are armed, so there's more murder. also, since we have more people, there's more crazy people.
no we should not give up our right to bear arms, due to the fact it has been around as long as america has been born. plus crime [b]will not[/b] and i mean [b]will not[/b] be lowered in fact it would increase and i know for a fact because it has been proving already by some places in england, they banned the use of firearms to civilians and now criminals know that they can break into a house and not worry about getting shot because they can get there hands on illegal fire-arms from trades and such forth and go into someones home put them at gun point and not worry about the civilian having a weapon to shoot back. and thats what will happen in america if it ever happened.
no... i want australia to have same constatution =p
not only does private gun ownership provide an incentive not to break into a house, but it also provides a largely unseen national defense system. that is the part of private gun ownership that many people do not realize. in the case of an invasion on u.s. soil, not only would there be the military, but civilians in their homes would be able to aid in the defense of the country. if gun owners are properly trained, they can be a huge asset to the nation.
the australian government tried to take all the guna away from their citizens in the year 2001. they failed miserably. armed robberies percentage went up, homocides went up, regular robberies went up. everything ironic happened. banning guns from the citizens and limiting it to government and army use doesn't stop the criminals from getting their greasy little hands on weapons and abusing the rights. jesus himself himself said in lunke 22:36, "let him who has no sword, sell his cloak and buy one." their was no gunpowder back then, but that still has the same concept as our modern day guns and their maodern day swords.
exactly! remember v!!! my "safety" is not worth my freedom! those who want to change our constitution (even more ) should go live in the uk! i wonder, why did we fight the british????
i think this is what they mean when they wrote the bill of rights:
i don't know about the rest of you, but i'm no fan of having my rights, stated in the bill of rights, taken away from me. you can read the 2nd amendment anyway you want, but i know when i read it, it says i can keep my guns!!
you can take my guns from my cold dead hands! it is my got given right and is part of the constitution for a reason
how would you know if they dont like the way their country is run, they can t speak out like americans can
"hell no" is my name so i choose this option! go hellno !
i will never give up my bear arms! they look so good hanging over my fireplace.
i made this debate but dont get me wrong i dont think gun privaleges should be taken away! if you wanna hunt. practice shooting, or keep a gun for self defense wouldnt these be for the better? so many people break laws anyway and no guns will make people mad and express it by breaking that law and using guns in a violent way!
well, if you take away gun rights, all that means is law abiding citizens won't be able to get guns. so, when all the law breakers get their underground weapons (as they do now actually), they can have the upper hand since law abiding citizens won't have anything to defend themselves with. basically, if you take away gun rights, you let the bad people have control
if they take away the right to own guns, what am i going to shoot after a few beers?
thats great but the second amendments primary purpose is not about "hunting, practice shooting or self defense" it is to protect its citizens from the government.
owning a gun should not be a privilege in the first place, it's a right granted under the us constitution and any law or view that makes it a privilege in the first place is unconstitutional. this question is as absurd as should freedom of speech, press and religion be taken away. if you want to take away the right to bear arms then change the constitution, otherwise these laws that weasel around it and make it a privilege should not be tolerated.
if we don't have are right to guns then the goverment will start to be opressive.
it is now 2015 and the gun violence is reaching terrible proportions in the united states.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
guns help protect people. 2.5 million people were saved last year because of guns. plus, criminals don't care if guns are not legal.
if guns should be banned cars should be banned too. if guns kill people, the same can be said for cars. they are both useful and dangerous. they both kill a lot of people every year. my point is that guns and cars are both useful and that there is no good reason to ban them.
no because then people will be completely defenseless against the police & criminals. & weak people won't be able to defend themselfs against stronger people.
i can prove that statistic here: http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?artid=1071444 
even guns are banned people are still going to find a way to get guns. all we are doing is creating another scarface and it states under the second amendment that we shall bear arms
if guns are banned, the only people that will be affected will be the people that buy guns for protection from criminals, who get their guns illegally anyway.
to quote a wise man, "guns are designed to protect people against people with smaller guns." i wonder if the nra-loons ever wonder why our country happens to have one of the highest per-capita rates of gun ownership, as well as one of the highest rate of gun-related deaths?
oh please, that's a survey. not exactly the most reliable scientific data. they even admit that "their own estimates were too high and that some respondents may have exaggerated their defensive use of guns". a: "so, how many people do you think you saved by shooting that hobo, in self-defense of course?" b: "oh, i must have saved at least a million people. that was the hilter of hobos!"
cars have many uses that don't involve killing things. guns have few uses that don't involve killing things.
so by your logic, everyone in canada and europe must have been murdered by criminals and crooked police, since they have such low rates of gun ownership?
so should we legalize murder then? after all, people are going to figure out how to kill other people even if we illegalize murder.
what is your point? if i want to have a firearm in my house, i can. it doesn't matter how useful you think it is.
banning guns wouldn't be the smartest thing to do. we would just be turning them into "forbidden fruit" and by doing so, we will create more chaos in the world.
sure it does. to see why, imagine your neighbour had grenades, a tank, chemical weapons, or a nuclear bomb in their house. would you sleep soundly at night? might you wonder what kind of use he had in mind for those weapons? one of the roles of government is to protect people from each other. if joe sixpack wants to buy a machine gun so he can mow down a herd of deer, that's fine...in a disturbing sort of way. however, the more destructive a weapon becomes, the more likely it'll be used intentionally on another person for reasons other than self-defense. that's why the public has an interest in regulating, if not outright banning guns.
it is quite simple. idiots can have guns. if you put an idiot and a gun together bad things are gonna happen. to solve this gun buyers should be encouraged to attend a gun safety class.
none of those are guns!  if someone breaks into your house and he/she has a gun would you still be for banning guns? or would you blow the mother f*er's head of?
they're weapons. you can't discuss banning guns without banning other deadly weapons in general. seeing as how no one has ever broken into my house with a gun, or anyone i know of, i'm not too concerned with that scenario. i'd be much more concerned about accidentally shooting myself or someone else.
well just because you can't handle a gun does not mean that more responsible people can't either.
i dont even know what to say to that stupid liberal statement. guns should not be banned. the police will have even more power over us than they do now. they are megalomaniacs.
"imagine your neighbor had grenades, a tank, chemical weapons, or a nuclear bomb in their house. would you sleep soundly at night? " no, but if they legally owned a handgun or a rifle i would. but chances are i wouldn't know.  protection. thats why it's legal for me to own a weapon in my house, thats why the founding fathers thought it necessary. see grenades aren't legal to own in my house. because they are not a valid source of protection for if a stranger came into my house at night to steal my things and threaten my life.  are you kidding me!? that's why i'm allowed to own a firearm! if somebody breaks into my house at night and comes at me with a knife i can take out my smith and wesson 500 magnum revolver and peel some led.
so if the whole self-defense argument is the most popular argument for guns being legal, then where do you draw the line on self-defense? should i be able to own an automatic weapons to defend myself? what about a grenade launcher? scud missiles? a tank?
i don't really agree with either side. i don't think guns are good or bad. i think they're just... guns. to say they're bad, implies they're useless; to say they're good, implies they're beneficial. i'm kind of in the center on this topic. i don't like that ordinary citizens can buy guns for "protection." i don't give a sh*t how much they think it'll save them against a burglar or rapist or whatever. because there's still the increased risk (which outweighs the protection factor) of it being used for the wrong reasons, or of kids getting their hands on it, or of just standard reckless usage. why not every get off their ass and use the money for karate lessons instead? just because at some point someone might hold a gun on you, doesn't mean you need to lower yourself to their level and do the same. however, i am for police and the military having guns, at the very least. at least they're more properly trained for using them and in certain situations. so, with that said, i'd rather guns were just not available to the general public, period. if they want better protection, there are many other options. how about stun guns? electrocute those balls! hehe.
if you ban guns people will not be able to defend themselves from a burglar. what if the criminals get guns and honest folks do not have them? well, no one would be safe,
"guns dont kill, ppl do" do you know that canada has more armed citizens and less murders. and that is with pot being legal. not only that but the us consitution specifically says that guns are allowed and that is so that we cannot be oppressed by the government. if we are all helpless, than how can we fight back?
whether guns were banned or not, people will still find a way to illegally obtain them--especially criminals. those who abide by the law would be left defenseless if and when their life is threatened. it's our right to bear arms, and i believe that it is fairly reasonable to exercise that right.
guns are used for protecting first,if you want kill sb,other tools can do it,not only guns,so it is not the guns fault,why guns should be banned?
a guns is a weapon that kills. every year children die in the us due to firearms. if you had a child who was killed by a accidental shot, you would be most upset. if we put tougher laws on them, or even ban them, we should drop the rate of death considerably.
children also get killed by household cleaners should we ban those too? instead taking guns away parents should put their guns in a safe place that is away from their children. the reason for children getting killed by guns is that the parents do not take the necessary measures to ensure that their children are safe.
there are many people out there where a gun has saved their life or another member of their family. it is also too bad that some gun owners became gun owners after something tragic has happened to them.
guns should be banned. u never know when and where and who will suddenly pick up a gun and start a shooting rampage. what's the use of owning a gun to protect yourself when u got attacked by someone who suddenly come out from nowhere n shoot at u. u would die already before reacting to take out your gun to fight back. the country will be safer to ban private guns.
umm yes you have the right to bear arms. so mount them on your wall. don't go around carrying a gun,.... smh idiot...
guns are dangerous. in the wrong hands, they can cause unnecessary deaths.
so let me get this straight: 1. you state that without guns, we'll get killed/imprisioned/brutalized/etc. 2. i prove you wrong by stating the fact that other countries have little gun ownership but are not being killed/imprisioned/brutalized/etc. 3. you're only counterargument is an ad hominem attack. "guns should not be banned. the police will have even more power over us than they do now." i don't see your point. are you implying that when you're unhappy with the police, you go out and start shooting them, or at least intimidate them with threat of violence? in what world is that valid logic for owning a gun? we're a nation of laws. when police abuse their authority, they're dealt with by the law. whenever i hear about a dirty cop being exposed, it's due to a reporter or a pedestrian with a camcorder, not some guy with a shotgun.
his logic is that with no firearms owned by the people of a country, it allows things like government, police and criminals to seize power, control its people and turn into a totalitarian state. as i recall such a thing has happened in europe, russia and china just in the past century. what happens when the police have power over its people...things like waco and ruby ridge happen, or more recently people in the middle of the katrina disaster were disarmed by the police state and left to rot in the middle of a destroyed city full of criminals. the job of the government is to serve its people, not take control of people as if they are subjects. the second amendment is the least understood out of everything in the constitution, and little do you seem to know, that if you throw this one out, you might as well throw them all out. anyone who wants to ban firearms is either ignorant from fear, or does not value their freedom. there is a reason it is the second part to the most important part of the constitution.
we should ban guns, because, adults or even kids could get their hands on them, and can cause unneccessary deaths
guns don't kill people.... people kill people so guns shouldnt be banned people can kill with knifes and all sorts of things so guns shouldn't be banned cause many people enjoy shooting them and if someone had an intention to kill someone they would kill them without a gun if they wanted to so no guns should not be banned and guns are used to hunt to so that's about it
think aboit this what would you do if someone broke in to your house and the power and cell phone recption was down and u had no way to call the cops and handguns where band what would you do if that happens?
guns help protect people when a robber comes into there home they can shoot him maybe because they are defending there home
guns don't kill people. people kill people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
guns are dangerous........................................................................................................................................................yes yes they are!
you go ..............................................................................................
guns are good. but this is an old debate. i don't see how it got revived.
if guns were legal, and someone got drunk... do i even have to say anymore?
people could go mad and just shoot everyone, and who wants to live in a world where they are constantly at risk of being shot?
.....are you for real?
you simply cannot take away our right to own guns what happens if a serial rapist/murderer breaks into your house with an illegal gun? even if you heard him break in and called the cops it still takes a while for them to respond so while the cops are taking their sweet ass time to get here the bad guy has all the time he needs to kill you rape your wife and daughter then kill of anyone else and steal whatever he wants then he is free to go before the cops even get there so would you rather the cops show up to find a house full of deap people or a house full of safe people because you were able to shoot the bad guy and disarm him .....if obama allows this gun ban to happen i think someone should go to the white house and beat him half to death with a stick then write a note in his blood that says "go ahead ban wood....." what if i killed someone with a furbie ..... what exactly is the logical thing to do ban furbies? yes some poor bastard was bludgeoned to death with a furbie.... its the furbies fault!!!! destroy all furbies..... fucking idiots
guns are the top killer weapon in usa. although people might say that it is for self-defence, it is used as a weapon and it is a non-living thing that means a living thing, a person, is the cause of the deaths or injuries from the gun. in other countries, people can smuggle or illegally buy them to cause disturbance or deaths. in the hands of a crazy or brainless person, the item can now be called very dangerous. to be exact, its not the gun but the person who is bad or insane.
disarmed people = are dominated people simple as that so do we really want to ban guns?
if guns are banned, there will obviously be less guns in circulation. although most criminals get their guns illegally, there will be less to get illegally. also, the police officers can protect you. consider that you don't need an m16 lying around the house.
no way. you can use guns for self defense. just use it in a coorect way so that you won't kill people.
there is too much gun violence in america. here it is 2015 and the gun violence continues to increase.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
people need the right of defense, safty, a gun. people argue that it will just put guns in the wrong hands, but arent they already? really will makeing it illegal do anything? i think not, because its not guns that kills people, its people. the gun wont kill you without someone behind it, not all people have the right reasons for haveing a gun, but does that mean people who do have the right reasons will be punished and left unarmed, and defensless?
i think that the statement of "guns kill people. guns kill children" is totally true. but people try and tell you that its the person that uses the gun to kill that people and the children or they could have a mental disease that makes them do it and then later they don't understand what they did. wrong. i think that if somebody is mental, they should even get a gun. i feel that only police and other people in that group of upper class people like that should be the only ones with guns and weapons like that. well what about the defense of people? what if you get robbed and he has a weapon (not a gun) and you have nothing to defend yourself because of this law. well that sucks (: no with less guns getting robbed shouldn't be a big deal... use a frying pan or something to protect yourself or better yet call the cops. but guns do kill people and children, yes it is fair that police and upper class or that enforcement get guns (they need them and use them for a purpose). the rights for gun should be limited for the people that use them for the bad reasons and give them to the people that use them for good reasons to help and save peoples lives (:
we should protect gun laws because of crazy people who go out of control with them and guns these days are getting more advanced and easier to get
yo. law abiding citizens should be allowed to have guns, not convicted criminals. if someone plans to buy a gun, the shop owner should have to do a background check on the customer. that way, law abiding citizens can be the ones with guns, that they'll only use for protection against intruders. i mean, come on. if you think that gun control will help this country, you are sorely mistaken. criminals aren't stupid. they'll keep their guns while the law-abiding citizens while fork 'em over to the government. i think you see where i'm going with this. every citizen law abiding citizen has the right to bear arms.
i think that people should be able to have guns because they might need them to protect themselves if they live in a bad neighborhood and it is in the bill of rights.
people have rights. this is a free country. we have the right to defend ourselves, but guns should come with a rule book. just my oppinion tho.
people abuse gun rights to rob places and take hostages. people say that you need guns to protect yourself but do you really have time to find your gun if you are taken hostage. usualy the people commiting the crime are more prepared and ready to strike
i think if people are responsible they should be able to buy and use firarms. but theres some people who use them for the wrong reason and that is what makes little familys cry because there loved one was gunned down by a horable person ;(((((((((((
one needs the right of self defense, one needs the right to feel safe in any circumstance. yet one also needs to know self restraint, such weapons as a all assault weapons should not be allowed, but a hunting rifle and pistols should be allowed.
guns are very easy to get and anyone can use them to kill people.
ya brad if the people that the robbers were gonna take hostage have guns they can show them whats up
brad, just because the criminals may be more prepared and we might not have the time to grab our gun that doesnt mean that guns shouldnt be alowed, all your saying is based on circumstances, and luck
people should have the right to bear arms. if guns were to be banned, people would still have them in their homes and on the streets. its just how things work. some people say that taking away the right to bear arms will decrease crime rate, but when the righs is taken away, more damage will be done due to lack of self defense. we dont want that !
student news daily offers lots of policial stamensts about popular topic today. in a chart compairing conservitive and liberal views, there was the following quote; "the second amendment gives no individual the right to own a gun, but allows the state to keep a militia (national guard). guns kill people. guns kill children." for example, during a year when over 5,000 teens and children died from gun wounds in the usa, in great britain, where gun ownership is very restricted, 19 teens and children died from gun wounds. this is very blunt statistic proof that states that gun control thats rectricted to certian personal keep citizens safe and reduces the death by guns. with society and technology proggressing at such a fast speed, the need for barbaric uses of protections such as guns is not nessicary. guns can be unpredictable and almost 84% of americans have not been trained in gun safety. with the uses of modern day technoloy for individual protection, gun control should only be restriced to select forces of the goverment who are trained in using these weapons. a huge part of american culture is film, and if you were to ask people if violence and special effects involiving guns and other firing weapons were nessicary to a good film, one out of two would say yes. this point gets even more drastic then a 50/50 when i comes to videos games, once you past rated "e" there it is almost impossible to find a game with no use of guns. taking gun use as a "game" only provokes the wrong use of these weapons and teaches the brian that guns can be an "easy way or" or a "simple defense". not only do adults play games, so do children. my 11 year old brother is a avid player of the new first person shooter modern warfare2. this game is fast paced and above all violent, take a look in the video below. modern warefare may ahve the rating m but its very common for children to play these games. some may argue that these "train to be future military member" but how does jamming down the "x" button until 2 in the moring make you a good soilder in training? simple anwser, it doesn't. we cannot have guns in the same enviorment as play. teaching people that firing a gun gives you points is not what they should know. firing that gun kills another human being and will haunt you for the rest of your life. infact you may have heard about how many soilders who come back from the war suffer from many phycological issues that in many cases cannot be completely cured. we should leave the guns to the people who need to use them. we as citizens need to be protected, not be armed. to keep the country both mentally and physically safe, we need to keep reality and virtual gaming seperate to keep are country togather. we need to restrict gun control.
the statement of "guns kill people, guns kill children" is false guns dont kill people, people kill people.guns should be aloud everywere guns are good.
i posted this on a similar debate and i believe it clearly shows my views: i agree that one should have the right to own arms but i do not believe on has to use violence to obtain their wildest gun dreams. if one wants to own a gun i have no qualms with them but if they wish to own guns such as a ak47 and ak74u they should be dealt with in a more civilized manner to protect the people. a hunting rifle is fine, a pistol is fine, an automatic or assault rifle is over doing it specially since the only reason an american needs a gun such as a rifle is for hunting. i am not saying all guns are for hunting a pistol may be used for self defense, but only as a deterrence to violence.
with all the other types of self defenise available and the many more being created, i dont think something as barbaric as a good should be the "fall back defensive."
i think that we should all have the right to own a gun because most people use then for protection or hunting so we should and people that dont use then for that reason might just have then to just have then
the general public should be able to posses guns for self defense and safety. i agree that there should be some restrictions like if you are a convicted felon you are not aloud to posses a gun. but a citizen trying to protect himself should be able to have a gun. some may say that crime happens because of guns. guns don't kill people, people do. but even if guns were outlawed the criminals would find illegal guns and would find other ways to harm people. all people shouldn't have they're safety taken away just because of what criminals decide to do with the guns.
you go to school everyday with the requirement to not bare arms and do you honestly feel defenseless? 84% of americans havent taken one safety course on guns so its a threat to anyone, behind and infront of the gun. in alot of gun injuries, the user is harmed too. guns should be left in trained haneds and with all the other types of defense methods, guns should not be the defult.
psst, criminals don't plan on following gun laws, so banning guns will not prevent robberies or crimes.
people kill people, but guns make it a heck of a lot easier. i do not think all guns should be banned, but some should. if you like to hunt, and you want to kill a deer, then go out and by a hunting rifle. however, certain guns are overkill such as ak-47's. i do not think you need a machine gun to kill a deer. you may say that guns could be used for personal protection, however i think buying a gun for that reason is stupid and paranoid because there are so many other things you can do before resorting to a gun for protection. you could move to a place with a lower crime rate, or by a taser/ pepper spray. you could get a guard dog, but the main idea is that there is little purpose for guns other than their use for killing, and that is why i am against gun rights.
guns have no purpose other then killing. i do not think all guns should be banned, but definitely some. if you like to hunt, then go out and buy a hunting rifle. however i believe guns such as ak-47's serve no purpose. they are machine guns, and you do not need a machine gun to hunt a deer. as for self defense, well there are plenty of things you can do before resorting to a gun for defense. you could move to a place with a lower crime rate. buy a taser or pepper spray. get an alarm or guard dog. besides, what would you need a gun for to defend yourself? if it is against a robber then i should let you know that most robberies occur when you are away from home, making the gun pointless.
your side sounds more "against gun control". responsible people, in my opinion, are the ones who have been trained and are armed with guns under government authorization. which is quite rarely an average american citizen. you state, "but theres some people who use them for the wrong reason and that is what makes little familys cry because there loved one was gunned down by a horable person ;(((((((((((". that quote is much more for the "against side" and hurts your arugment
this comment should be under brads comment instead of on the "arguments for" side.
this comment should be under the comment instead of on the "arguments for" side. this side is for your individual comments, as to debate with you, guns should not be aloud in the hands of citizens because it is the gun that kills the people, the person. if the person was responsible, you could take the gun out of the situation and someone would still die, this is not true. the gun is what is directly taking the human life. to say that quote is false is just commonly statisticly untrue, as stated in my argument against; "for example, during a year when over 5,000 teens and children died from gun wounds in the usa, in great britain, where gun ownership is very restricted, 19 teens and children died from gun wounds."
although its not your idea, i think its still well formed. my dispute is that hunting and other recreational guns should be stored safely in the place where the recreation is taking place. for example, hunting guns should be stored under lock and key at those hunting grounds, then checked out and returned as not to take them home cause harm to non-deer life like humans. as for the topic of self defense, guns should not be used as a common self defense. why? lets use a simple example, your walking home in the dark its quite and you think someones following you so have your hand on the gun and keep walking, looking back. suddenly a car pulls in front of you, startled you naturally turn around and shoot. theirs no one behind you, but an innocent dead driver in front of you. its simple "accidents" like these account for most deaths. having something less likely to kill a person, such as a taser, is much safer. some people may argue that it doesnt do enough damage to defend somone, but taserd stop your muscles from moving, stopping whoever right in their tracks, alive. we should stop using guns for defense like we do, nothing that deadly should be so self conscious.
even if a background check is preformed and comes out clean, most americans have no history of gun safety. also, though americans may be "law abiding" they still are animals and have natural reactions, there is no human alive that hasnt been startled before or scared. its those feelings that provoke gun use as a defense in the first place. if you want defense against intruders, try a home alarm system, a loud barking dog will even warn you without killing someone. if you want to stop someone, use another form of defense like a taser. some people may say, but what if they have a gun? if there was gun control, that couldnt be the case, yes there will always be violent people, but without guns there would be less dead people. at school no one has a gun, its just how it is, and in the cases where one was entered into the environment, there was a set plan to stay safe and the deaths are obviously lower from that event, then they would be if guns were aloud daily. guns make room for emotional mistakes and kill the need for restraint. i do think gun control will help this country and i am not mistaken. if criminals keep their guns, they wont be able to use them. why? people if no one had a gun in an area and one single shot was heard, the whole area would be on alert for that one shot and the gun would get confiscated. in countries like great britan where there is strict gun control, this happens all the time. if we just assume its useless cause we have some criminals and just have to bare arms to balance it out then its just twice as dangerous, two lefts don't make a right. anyone that is considered a "criminal" is on record by the us government and will be searched before the citizens for that reason. the government is smart enough to realize that criminals would have guns, its not something thats just overlooked.
this comment should be under brads statement, but to dispute. timing may just be a statement but the guns are still the main focus. guns shouldnt be allow because the defenders want to shoot just as much as the intruders. i think i covered this in more detail when i explained the pros of having citizens being gun free. even "if criminals keep their guns",(if we were to confiscate all guns) " they wont be able to use them. if no one had a gun in an area and one single shot was heard, the whole area would be on alert for that one shot and the gun would get confiscated. in countries like great britan where there is strict gun control, this happens all the time. if we just assume its useless cause we have some criminals and just have to bare arms to balance it out then its just twice as dangerous, two lefts don't make a right. anyone that is considered a "criminal" is on record by the us government and will be searched before the citizens for that reason. the government is smart enough to realize that criminals would have guns, its not something thats just overlooked."
the about 80% of the "general public" dont even know a thing about gun safety. although i agree that criminals should not possess guns, at least most of them know how to use it. citizens trying to protect themselves should use something that wont kill people with a flick of a finger. pepper spray can blind, tasers will stop someone wherever they stand, guns click and kill. i said this in jacobs dispute, but if people were the ones killing people then it wouldnt matter if there was a gun involved. umm heres a visual person+gun= -person (a person with a gun kills a person) take out the gun cause your saying its not its fault... person=-person if the gun wasnt responsible, and its the persons fault, then it wouldnt matter if the gun was there or not. but infact it makes quite the difference. your point about criminals finding illegal guns is just like illegal guns, something just cant be completely erased. but saying outlawing them would make gun rate increase cause they are illegal makes no logical sense. take a place like school, we have no guns here, and in cases where shootings happen, its much less then i would be if people had guns everyday. same goes for a biggerscale like the usa. we also have all been trained with the lock down drill, and im certain the government would issue something like that as well. the people behind the guns "defending" themselves are just as trigger happy as any intruder. to just say guns should be aloud because criminals have them, is childish and we need to age past barbaric murder caused by guns.
the bill of rights does not state the an individual citizen has their own right to have their own gun, id read up on that before making that statement. people who live in a bad neighbor hood can move, or live in a protected shelter if moving is not an option. people who consider a neighborhood unsafe often think so because of guns. i myself often think "someones gonna come out and shoot me" when walking through bad neighborhoods. if citizens didn't have guns, that would make everyone feel that much safer. in unsafe neighborhoods, there would be one less worry of not getting hurt by some irresponsible citizen with a gun.
i feel like im repeating myself. but to simplify what ive been saying, if the government had gun control they would start out with the high risk people such as criminals and work their way down. not having guns would be an overall safer environment. a common environment like this is school. some people argue that there are still school shootings and this is true and also related to your idea of "its just how things work." while their are school shooting they are vary rare, just like america would be if we didnt have guns. schools also are prepared, remember doing those lock down drills? our country would prepare us the same way. school shootings cause far less deaths then if schools were aloud on a daily bases to everyone (like america now). we should leave guns to the professionals and if we need to feel safe, we should protect ourselves without killing someone else.
guns dont need a rule book, people need to be trained in what they are using and most citizen have never taken a gun safety course. people do have rights but they should not have the right to end someones life because they were scared the might loose their own, and thats the self defense argument. if you wanna feel safe there are so many less barbaric and deadly options then a gun. we are humans, not deer. if you pepper spray and tase an intruder, what more can they do? they cant see or move...so they cant shoot you and they are still alive. we do have a free country, we should make it safe too.
"guns are needed for self defense." ive heard this so many times reading peoples pro-gun-rights stories, so to start of this argument against such a childish idea, let me give you a real and recent example. saturday, october 10, 2009, associated press "right now everything points to a tragic accident," police chief kevin brunelle told the associated press, adding investigators were awaiting forensic results. john tabutt, 62, told investigators he got his gun when he thought he heard an intruder, then fired at a figure in the hallway, according to brunelle. it was tabutt's live-in fiancee, 62-year-old nancy dinsmore, who family members say he was going to marry saturday. tabutt told authorities he thought she was next to him in bed the whole time." -  at this time please click the link at the bottom of this page and view the news video of the tragic 911 call. if you dont want to view the video, dont bother reading this. -  its traumatic accidents like that, that prove why using guns for defense, is dangerous no matter what. if that man had just tased the "intruder" they could still be alive and happily married. some people may call this a one time accident, but people think of guns almost by default as necessary to self-defense. infact all of the people "for" gun-rights used that idea and phrased it as the only way. but in no way is something as deadly as that gun, the only way. our school is a gun free environment, or better phrased, has gun control. do students feel safe? yes, because guns are not allowed so the fear of being shot is alot less. could a gun be entered into a school? yes but if it was fired, we have designated lockdown drills we have practiced and one schools shooting kills lots less then if we were to have guns everyday. think of america as an environment with guns available everyday. imagine how many lives would be taken due to anger or other temporary emotional disabilities. we cant keep amusing the worst of everyone around us. "they have guns, so we need guns as well to protect ourselves." two wrongs like in that statement do not make a right. if everyone had gun control, wed have a "school" type of environment and while "schools shootings" or gun use in a gun-controlled setting would still occur, its much, much less then if we were all having guns on ourselves as "defense". we have come to a time when technology and idealisms are advancing, so should our policy on gun control. self defense should just keep one safe, not kill off other humans. innocent ones like a wife to be, or a robber who is just down on his luck. they are fellow humans, we shouldn't even get the change to flick and finger and fire a bullet at them. especially when something as common as pepper spray and your pet rottweiler could keep you safer.
that person does not look crazy at all, he appears to be a person who happens to like guns and is responsible enough to go to a shooting range. by taking away guns from the average citizen you are only allowing the criminals easy access seeing as they will not give up their guns.
so your argument against people owning guns is that since some people might make stupid mistakes then it is okay to punish everyone? with that logic we might as well ban cars because some people will get in wrecks from being bad drivers, ban alcohol because some people drink too much, and ban kitchen utensils because some people stab themselves.
right to bear arms- second amendment of the constitution. weapons are used for many reasons these days. some use weapons for sport some use them for looks some use them for fun. although some people have killed people with guns also we shouldnt take our constitutional rights away do to a few mentally psychotic or duranged people
"guns kill people" that is wat we have to remember. i mean noone should have a gun. that enforces that people kill one anouther.
guns play a huge role in intimidation as well. if i am strapped for cash and decide that the only way to make any money would be to rob somebody, i think i'd rather rob a store without a gun than a store with a gun. they can be used for bad things, but legal guns are typically used for good or for protection from illegal guns.
guns rights is in a pretty good position right now. you can own a gun, if proven trustworthy. this is not the case in all states, but it is in most. some argue that it is dangerous to be giving out guns, but with guns-rights or no gun-rights criminals will still have guns. however, the average person who wants to own a gun for self-defense will be prohibited to without guns-rights. meanwhile, with gun-rights the average person can own a gun and protect himself against criminals.
although i'm against guns, what you are saying is absolutely correct.as far as americas majority of people who do want gun rights, they are in a pretty good position.as i said in my first argument, my husband is all for guns and is one of those affected by australia's recent gun laws. my hubby "wishes he had your gun rights america, so be grateful"....personally i think its the reason behind half your problems... however my hubby,(in this moment i am typing) just rebutted me by saying that in switzerland, they encourage, that all their citizens have a gun.
guns are bad period. dont assume that "the upperclass" are any less capable of using them in a corrupted fashion.remember human nature is human nature. no-one is exempt from human nature.time has proved again and again anyone is capable of snapping.
we have to look outside the box. criminals will absolutley get a hold of guns whether there is a law banning firearms or not. if you don't believe in guns, then don't buy a damn gun. if you feel safe in your home without a gun, then don't buy a damn gun. if you feel safe walking amongst thieves and murderers with just a can of pepper spray, then....say it with it me.....don't buy a damn gun. me? i like the idea that if i have the choice, i could lethally defend me or a loved one. i don't know about you, but i live outside the box. on the outside we don't live in a perfect world where there isn't crime and violence. i'm not a trigger happy fellow either as you might paint us gun rights enthusiasts. i dread the thought of the day i might have to take the life of another human being. you know what though?.....it could be mine that's taken from me if i fail to protect myself. if everyone carried a firearm on them, everywhere they went..... you think home invasions, theft or murders would occur quite as often? i don't believe so. half the scum bags would be dead. take away our weapons.... and you give criminals the chance to flourish.
you shouldn't use your schools " gun-free enviroment" as an argument. it doesn't hold much weight. when i was in school... do you know how many drug deals i saw take place in my school (and took place in...-snicker-)? did you also know my school was (still is) a drug-free enviroment? it's quite amusing actually.....what comforts people's minds. it's the simple things. you can paint the world whatever color you want. it's still a cruel world. it's still full of thieves and murderers. you can make yourself as vulnerable as you want. i'll make myself as protected as i can.
ohhhhhblooodyhell, hours later me and me hubby are still debating this and its really starting to shit me....he is really starting to change my mind... someone please gimme a gun...;)
first of all its not in the constitution itself, its simply an amendment, i think you should read about what your talking about before you go and time up and argument on it. here is the a the direct quote a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed. in oder for the state to be secure we cannot have deadly weapons used for looks like they are some new type of hot wheels made for fun and looks. your constitutional right is to keep and bare arms, not guns, and for the safety of the state and all in it we need to take away simple dangers for citizens, cause eventually we need to stop playing with hot wheels and grow up.
this is a high school debate, for a history class, anyone not in it like yourself is banned and anyone else floating in here and reading this don't bother typing you are not a high school student and need to find something else to busy yourself with that interrupting out education activity. thank you
i recommend you get sober or take a happy pill and stop debating with high schoolers who can form better thoughts then you.
ok then. so do cars, trains, boats, planes, stoves, showers, bathtubs, ....uh wait a sec...did you mean that people can use guns to kill people? my bad!
do you mean a gun should not be the fall back defensive??? the gun is a weapon made for the peasents, for those soldiers who couldnt take years to train. of all the other weapons in the world the gun is the most efficient for self defense, taking little training and thought to use. are you saying a knife would work better when the majority of americans dont even know how to use a knife??? they would end up cutting themselves let alone their assaulters. if one had a gun, a single warning shot in the air will make them run before the need of killing. however one still needs to have the killing intent or they will be attacked and be in a tausle for the gun.
if you need to take the "time to find your gun if you are taken hostage" i surely hope you do not have a gun and more importantly have anyone who would do something bad if they found it.
it's not that hard to learn how to use a gun. i'm 15, and in just 3 hours, when i was 12 years old, i learned how to safely use a rifle, pistol, and shotgun. why can we trust the people like us in the military with automatic weapons, tanks, and explosives to defend our own country but we can't trust ourselves to defend our own lives? i do, however, agree with the fact anyone willing to buy a gun should take some kind of safety course or such, and we should make it a law.
even if guns were banned, things wouldn't really be much safer. the people committing gun crimes are usually not getting them legitimately in the first place. people cannot be expected to "move" every time they perceive a potential threat. banning guns is not the answer.
guns serve a useful purpose in self defense because they reduce the amount of money and strain on the court system to imprison the offender. dead people can't waste government resources.
can you please give me a link to where you found your statistics? they are so interesting i somewhat doubt them (no offense.) by the way, modern warfare 2 teaches tactics.
i bet the people against guns are for the killing of babies...
edit: sorry, i just seen the note on this debate. i'm not part of the class you speak of. i understand if you wish to delete this response. this was a hard one for me. i own a gun...lol. and i still think people should be allowed to have a gun. yet, i don't think people really have the "right" to own one. not according to the constitution. "a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed." most people are not a part of the militia...lol. not unless you are in the national guard. even if you stretched the meaning to include those that could be drafted into the national guard during an emergency you still would be cutting out a huge chunk of the population. women would probably be excluded as well as those men under and over a certain age limit. so, do i think people should be allowed to have guns? yes. do i think everyone has the right... or should be given the right? no.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
in the words of leonard "bones" mccoy, chief medical officer of the uss enterprise ncc-1701, "are you out of your vulcan mind?"
i dont see why not because i dont see any downside to banning guns, other than it might be hard to enforce such a law in the usa, in the beginning at least
the decision is up to you. we should have the freedom to carry guns.
i don't really get how this is an answer, but yes... we should "should you carry a gun". i mean, if you don't want to, go ahead, but it just makes things much easier if everyone carried a gun. humans would react to each other much differently and burglaries would most likely be less. i like guns, and i will do my part in eliminating the criminal world by enacting my castle doctrine rights whenever necessary. plus, if ever necessary, we have a revolution to get ready for. basically, we fight once they try to take away our guns. and there's stuff like fighting invading terrorists, shit like that.
i would not carry a gun because they are very dangerous also i don't want to be wanted for killing people and people saying i have one or most important i don't want to load it wrong and kill my self
the government should not have the power to take away our guns-- if you want to carry a gun, you have the right to do so.
we should not be allowed to carry guns , because of the gangsters and others who shoot at will , the 13-15 year olds who fight with steel rods would exchange their weapons with guns, and those who are mentally ill would carry guns too.
should you carry guns? fuck no. not in usa or uk anyway - culture plays a huge part in the abuse of guns. this isn't a question about rights - it's whether it's right or not right. guns are created for one purpose - to harm. to kill. whether you use it in defence or attack it serves on purpose. there's more than one way to attack and there's more than one way to defend. guns shouldn't be in either option. idiots argue that if somebody invades your home with a gun then you need one. guns would be made so difficult to acquire that guns would be used so rarely that nobody (or rarely) would bring it to rob a home.
"not in usa or uk anyway"---ok we give india all the guns then ? yeh you would like that wouldnt you? dont worry the world is giving in to all of indias demands kinda. you dont need to to take our guns , just ask ,we will give you cunts them too no doubt.
well actually i was referring to finland or switzerland who have high numbers of gun ownership and low numbers of gun crime. you wouldn't know though. fuckface.
noone, should carry a gun. there could be accidental crimes, like you could kill people by mistake, of sudden emotion,. if we really need to carry a gun, it should be non-life taking guns such as gas guns in case we face dangerous situations. real guns are too bloody.
if everyone carried a gun people would get mad and start shooting people and everything would be a pile of blood and guts i like guns but the world would be a big disaster if everyone carried a gun.
you can't kill someone by mistake you have to make a decision to point the gun and pull the trigger.
do you carry car keys or a cellular phone around with you? how about a belt? i know how to kill people very easily with all three of those items. i'm sure if someone was intent on killing a person, they could learn how to kill with those items as well. but i have never killed anyone though, and i never intend to. what it really boils down to is that a gun is only a tool. if someone is deranged enough to start killing innocent people, it won't really matter whether they can have a gun or not, they will simply use another tool. and since there aren't mass murderings on a regular basis (in civilized countries anyways) it's fairly safe to assume that there aren't very many homicidal maniacs out there.
remember a disarmed people is a obedient group of people ;)
it is best not to carry a gun. it is now 2015 and there is too much gun violence in america.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
gun control means that you should use both hands when you fire your gun ;)
the 2nd amendment states that we can bear arms to protect ourselves.if that is changed then what would i do with my desert eagle
i think people should be able to carry guns for many reasons. i think that because most cities and neighborhoods are very dangerous. so if you were just at a red light or somthing then somebody runs up on you and tries to car jack you or watever with a gun you should be able to have a gun and atleast shoot that person in the arm or somthing so that you won't get killed. that way if you shoot them in the arm they would probably, well they should have a chance to live but if they shoot you in the head or chest you might die because that is more severe. it is very dangerous around here and people need to protect theirselves.
i don't think that should have guns because if a really dumb desperate drug attic really wanted some drugs or money they would definately buy a gun,(or steal it) and find some houses to break into then try and find money. if they see somebody in that house then they would definatley shoot them cold-blooded. then they would keep the pursuit and kill many other people. that is if they do not get caught.
if there is gun control there would be less crime.drug lords will not be able to sell drugs. there will be less people in jail for murder .they can still use knives though.
some people should not shoot guns.they don't even know how to keep the gun from smashing there face in. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5zlwvujpaa 
the nra says that we should have guns.they pay a lot of money to keep guns around.if there is gun control they will have no busines.i support the nra to keep them in business and to keep gun around.
people in the army need guns to protect themselves.if they did not have guns in the military ,we would suck. all of our troops would be dead.without rocket launchers we would be bombed.
i also think that we should have guns because if the police doesn't have any weapons or anything for defence then all the criminals would get away.! it would be ore dangerous without guns than it is if we did not have guns.
some reasons why we shouldn't have guns is because if we didn't then many other kids would not be exposed to to the guns and that way if the guns are gone then the children won't shoot their selves or each other. because if a parent has a gun in the house and the child see's where the parent put it they are going to want and invite their =little friends over and wanting to show them. so when he/she shows their friends they might get shot or shoot them by accident. or even on purpose.
we shouldn't have guns because it kills many people in the world. it is very violent and many people loose their lives using them. also they get locked up for the rest of their lives if they shoot, kill, or even not have a liscense for it.
if there was no guns in the world there would be know war...maybe.guns cause violence and destruction.we even bimbed china during the war.maybe they deserved it.
well, in switzerland everyone has full auto assault weapons and there is almost no crime. in mexico, almost everything is illegal and just look at their murder rates. in my opinion, crime is caused by poverty and drug addiction, not guns. if we get rid of poverty and drugs, there will be no more problem. gun control just makes it worse because criminals can still buy their guns illegally but responsible citizens can't and are totally defenseless. also, if the guns are gone, it makes it easier for people like hitler to take control over the government and genocide people. nowadays people just think the cops will protect them, but what if they go away or become bad. i call people with that mentality, "sheep".
but gun control won't get rid of the guns. does prohibition get rid of drugs? even if we do eradicate them, people will just use some other efficient device like nukes to mass murder eachother
do you know that when criminals who had been arrested for breaking and entering were asked if they were afraid of homeowners with guns, the majority of the criminals responded no? the criminals weren't afraid because they all believed that if they were ever confronted by a gun wielding homeowner, the normal law-abiding citizen would hesitate while the criminals would pull their own guns and shoot first. people constantly trumpet about how having a gun means that they can protect themselves, but first they must be able to fire the gun on another human being, something that most people find hard to do. really protecting yourself with a gun isn't very much protection at all, meanwhile the abundance and attainability of guns means dangerous people can easily get a hold of a dangerous weapon.
it's not about removing guns completely its about making gun control laws more stringent so that tragedies like the recent one in arizona are avoided. if people weren't allowed to simply walk into a gun show and purchase a weapon with no background check, if people were required to have a license it becomes more difficult for criminals and for people who intend to misuse their guns, to acquire them, while still allowing for law abiding citizens to own and buy guns.
that could have been because 1) they were on drugs at the time, and didn't have their senses with them 2) most homeowner don't have guns anymore 3) they were scared shitless, but they didn't admit it because it would make them look like a pansy. there could be many more reasons other than:  in fact, most armed homeowners, when faced with an intruder, are able to kill it or hold it for police without much trouble because they are far better oriented with their home than the intruder. they also have much better mental faculties.  not when it's a life or death situation. you can't know until you've been in one.  the abundance and attainability of weapons also work to the advantage of the law abider. you have much better chances when you can defend yourself.
i love shooting. i'm not really knowledgeable on guns, but give me almost any rifle and a target and i'm good. guns are used recreationally. it's safer with them. and if they were banned think of all the pissed off rednecks we'd have to deal with.
it is now 2015 and the terrible gun violence continues to increase.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
gun control congress continues to debate the efficacy and constitutionlity of federal regulation of firearms and ammunition.
today there are more than one people geting kill by a gun control some people are taking there gun's with them every where today there are little kids taking a gun to school.
various federal laws been enacted since 1934 to promote such regulation gun control advocates argue that they curd access.
why should the goverment punish us the law abiding citizens of america for what some people have done and plus what happens if someone with a gun breaks into your house and you don't have any becuase it is to hard to get a license and costs to much $ ?????
i am all for gun control. in my mind, gun control means hitting your target. this topic isn't truly up for debate since the 2nd amendment binds the hands of the leviathan that the government has become. gun control most certainly worked for hitler, mao, stalin and pol pot. mass murderers of their own population love gun control. read the writings of the founding fathers, the federalist and anti-federalist papers and realize why patrick henry insisted upon the 2nd amendment. such simple minded individuals who have no firearms training, no first hand experience with firearms and have not had a situation where one separated them from potential harm. grow up and learn to think for yourselves rather than spout rhetoric that can be refuted within minutes.
please read what you typed and then attempt to make a poignant statement. i'm against gun control as well as i'm against the "war on drugs". whatever you're on? fine by me. you should be allowed to do to your person whatever you wish without reprisal from the criminals in dc as long as you do not hurt anyone else. there is no debate regarding the constitutionality of firearm ownership other than by those who wish to subvert the intentions of the constitution and thereby have no honor and aren't worthy of the air they steal from those who are worthy.
i gather when federal law allowed slavery, that was ok? the constitution was written on a then 8th grade reading level and doesn't require a law degree to interpret. considering this nation is moving at a rapid pace towards that depicted in the movie idiocracy, i can understand your inability to read and interpret a simple document that was written to make you a free person. if you don't like freedom? fine. if you wish to take mine? wear body armor.
it is now 2015 and the gun violence in america continues to increase.
gun control advocates argue that they curb access by criminals, juveniles, and other "high-risk" individuals. they contend that only federal measures can successfully reduce the availability of guns. some seek broad policy changes such as near-prohibition of non-police handgun ownership or the registration of all firearm owners or firearms. they assert that there is no constitutional barrier to such measures and no significant social costs. others advocate less comprehensive policies that they maintain would not impede ownership and legitimate firearm transfers.
the two most significant federal statutes controlling firearms in the civilian population are the national firearms act of 1934 and the gun control act of 1968.the 1934 act established strict registration requirements and a transfer tax on machine guns and short-barreled long guns. the 1968 act prohibits mail-order sales and the interstate sales of firearms, prohibits transfers to minors, limits access to "new" assault weapons, and sets forth penalties and licensing requirements for manufacturers, importers, and dealers.
i am well armed and have no firearm that has jumped off a shelf and committed the heinous crimes that are typically attributed to firearms. this debate is for the simple minded and those who engage in it generally pull figures/statistics out of their ass without any knowledge and/or personal experience handling these horrific tools. a firearm is nothing more than a tool. i own no firearm that has taken human life so whining about "what ifs" only makes those posing such questions look like semi-literate imbeciles. how many people perished due to negligent care in hospitals and misdiagnosed maladies by their physician?
sometime's i think it's not right get a gun in your home.cause something can happen in your own home.one of your kids will think it's a toy or a game.
although the public generally perceives medical research as the highest order of precision, much of the epidemiologic research is, in fact, rather imprecise and understandably so because it has been conducted principally by individuals with no formal education and little on-the-job training in the scientific method.
consequently, studies are often poorly designed and data are often inappropriately analyzed and interpreted. moreover, biases are so commonplace, they appear to be the rule, rather than the exception. it is virtually impossible not to recognize that many researchers routinely manipulate and/or interpret their data to fit preconceived hypotheses, rather than manipulate hypotheses to fit their data.
disarmed people = are dominated people simple as that so do we really want to ban guns?
there is too much gun violence in america. strict gun control laws are needed.
i am for strict gun control because it is now 2015 and the gun violence is continuing to rise. awful!
sure, america is obsessed with right to bear arms, what does that really mean anyway? does it mean that i have the right to own nuclear weapons or a gun? well, the government thinks no and yes. if congress overturned the 2nd amendment, there would be mass chaos and anarchy.
the right to bear arms declared by the seccond amendment is not what you think. it actualy reffers to the old militia of the states right to bear arms in a civilian atmosphere. when the government declared the civilian right to bear arms thought of today, crime rates drop little more than 2%, but in a matter of years, crime rates increased by almost 8%, worse off than before.
no it isn't. it was meant for the purpose of local malitias. but we have those now, they're called cops and national guard. they didn't have those in abundance back then. they also used muskets back then, not semi-automatics that can kill literally dozens of people in seconds. so the times have changed. gun proponents are completely brain washed. they've let the nra convince them they are safer if they carry a gun. that's ridiculous. more people die in accidental shootings than in purposeful ones. as for "well criminals will still get guns." that's a logical fallacy when applied to whether they should be legal to get. 1. you're not dirty harry, and if a blood or crip or some deranged killer wants your life they'll take it before you can draw your six shooter cowboy. 2. instead of making them legal for everyone who thinks they are quick draw mcgraw, fine gun companies when it is found that their gun was used in a crime. mess with their bottom line and you would be amazed how quickly criminals won't be able to magically get guns anymore. all of that said, i have no problem with pobunk missouri pop. 3000 allowing citizens to have hunting rifles. however, the people of pobunk missouri (and the nra) should not be allowed to say that every gangbanger in s. chicago should be allowed to pick up a gun at the corner store simply because in the 1700's the founders weren't fortune tellers and didn't know how far the technology would go with firearms. i love how gun sellers have convinced people that live somewhere else entirely that they need to get all crazy when the majority in a different area says they want guns to be illegal. you guys are suckers.
it is now 2015 and the gun violence in america continues to get worse.
aww, democrat. can't use facts so you just make stuff up? no wonder democrat is in your name. gun violence is not getting worse.
weapons are good for all law abiding people the more people with weapons the safe the unarmed will be background check are a must but armed citizens help save lives
some weapons are not necessary for a civilian. a machine gun is not necessary for a civilian. perhaps a pistol. regardless, i would not feel safer seeing everyone walking around with a knife or a gun. the compulsion to use that weapon would be too great. if you disrespect someone who is carrying that pistol, prepare to have a bullet wound or a stabbing. basically by giving all people the choice of carrying around weapons, you give them the power to hurt others. a civilized society cannot function when there is senseless violence. i can see that giving people the right to have a weapon is important for protection. but certain weapons are not necessary for safety. one doesn't need a bazooka to be safe, nor a machine gun, nor a chain gun, nor a sniper rifle. these are superfluous to safety. presenting such weapons as protective is misleading. additionally, civilians should not be allowed to carry potentially aggressive weaponry in public. defensive weaponry would be a better choice, e.g. mace.
all forms of weapons are illegal in japan, and they have an extremely peaceful society.
in switzerland it is common policy that the citizens are equipped with and trained in firearms, they too are peaceful. if you look at the big picture, violence in a society doesn't reliably correlate with gun control. i would argue that it's a combination of cultural values and corruption (like poverty, citizen's rights, etc.).
china, south africa, and russia have strict laws regarding weapons and they are not peaceful.
jumping from buildings or bridges is a common suicide method in japan. however, my original statement is not only my personal opinion, but also the opinion of one of america's leading criminal psychologists.
   it wasn't an opinion, it was a statement of two facts that do not correlate. for example: france has some of the world's finest wines, it is also recently very culturally diverse. gun laws don't make a peaceful society. just recently a shooting spree occurred in the uk, which has stringent gun laws, and the weapon was licensed.
what 'wasn't an option'? robert k. ressler - a prominent american criminal psychologist - wrote in one of his books that japan has a very peaceful society, which is caused by their lack of weaponry. he then contrasted japan to america, a ruthless and excessively violent nation that terrifies the japanese people.
opinion. what you wrote were two fact-sentences. an opinion reads like "i think" or "i feel" etc.  they can be wrong you know, but going on...  judging him by what you wrote, he sounds either inept or political. there are many countries out there with differing levels of gun control. of the stringent countries, some like brazil still have high amounts of gun violence, others like japan do not. of the laxer countries, switzerland is very safe but the us has high amounts of gun crime. in spite of this inconsistency, gun laws are often pushed for out of fear rather than rationality. people look for things to blame, and aren't satisfied as much with abstract concepts like income disparity, inequality, they would rather blame an object.
how about those of us who enjoy weapons for recreational purposes? it's pretty mundane to only have a pistol or rifle.
my sentiments exactly when you say that paranormal phenomena isn't real. i always tell you that that is your opinion, but you will not cooperate. do i detect a hint of hypocrisy here?  as can all those scientists you atheists love to quote.  he wrote that book fifteen years ago. perhaps things have changed?
the second amendment wasn't to give permission for recreational gun usage. it was for protection. i only see weapons as justifiable insofar as they are reasonable protection.
   it is also about ownership. one of the sections mentions a militia, but the other specifies ownership, and i don't believe that it was written in the spirit of limited utility, but as a general right. besides, how do you expect to get good enough at shooting if not recreationally?
not opinion, more like scientific consensus.  i don't quote scientists.  i don't think so, gun violence has existed since the invention of firearms.
fan studies have long located localized resistances within the cultural productions and practices associated with fandom, looking at http://www.bookwormlab.com/writing-essays how fan fiction, say, might lead to new understandings of gender, and race.
ummm....have you ever been in a bar, possibly seen a fight or two break our. ok, now give the particapints guns, even you can see where this is going and thats just one of many examples of humans acting on basic urges/impulses! to be human is to be fallable!
hey, if they pass a background check, then let them have whatever they want! if they want to kill someone, then they'll find a way to get a gun illegally anyway! so, you might as well have the good-guys be armed and prepared as well.
all weapons should be banned. america already has a serious violence problem pertaining to guns.
“laws that forbid the carrying of arms...disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes... such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.” (quoting cesare beccaria)
it seems most people have this fantasy about shooting somebody breaking into their house in the middle of the night. statistically, it's far more likely that they or a member of their family, especially their own children will die as a result of there being a gun in the home, not some street hood intruding on their castle. the classic argument is that "criminals don't care about gun bans, so a gun ban only takes guns out of the hands of law abiding citizens". i believe i read not long ago that there are close to 300 million legally owned firearms in the united states. with a house full of guns on every corner, where do you think criminals get them from?
that's true, but what people aren't told is that the number of deaths are just below 50. criminals don't care about gun bans, so a gun ban only takes guns out of the hands of law abiding citizens."i believe i read not long ago that there are close to 300 million legally owned firearms in the united states. with a house full of guns on every corner, where do you think criminals get them from? 80% of all deaths from firearms are from illegally bought guns, either smuggled in from another state or over the boarder from mexico (in the us anyway). every single massacre has been in a gun controlled area. columbine, albertville, virginia, whereas not a single one has been in places where citizens have been allowed to carry guns. a natural response would be more gun regulation is going to help, but people need to look at the facts rather than just ideology. think about it: if you were a madman and you wanted to kill as many people as possible, would you rather go to a gun-free area or an area where most people are carrying guns. gun regulation is based upon the misled knowledge that if you give a gun to the average person, they will go about trying to kill as many people as possible, but in actual fact the average person is relatively good and sane enough not to do that. the government can stop law abiding citizens from protecting themselves, but they can never prevent criminals from doing so. what really kills, the gun or the person carrying it?
i don't have an issue with hunting rifles (300, 306 etc) , even handguns are probably ok. my question is why would anybody need to own an m-16 or an ak-47? i was at a gun shop last week that had an assault rifle on sale with a fucking gernade launcher attached to it. "well, you can't buy the gernades legally." then why the fuck is it on there? i'm pretty sure when our forefathers wrote the right to bear arms in the constitution they weren't envisioning the assualt rifle.
so people shouldn't have the capacity to defend themselves?  well, as a child raised by ex-criminals on both sides of my family i can tell you that we would never purchase guns from the store or pawn shops. the best way to acquire guns is via yard sales, or have a person buy the gun for you, that way your name doesn't show on the paper work. seriously, who is stupid enough to follow gun regulations at face value and get their name attached to a model of firearm? that's just asking for trouble. did i mention black market arms dealers? they aren't that hard to find. also, why in god's name would you steal a gun from an armed house? that's the riskiest thing to do, because you need to know where it's hidden and you always risk being caught in the process by the armed owner.
many people feel this way.  simple answer, really. fun. why did i build a flamethrower when i was a kid in school? why do young boys make pipe bombs and enjoy firecrackers? it's fun. lighting things on fire and blowing stuff up is fun, and having powerful guns is especially so.  because some of us are drawn to big weapons and would like to see one, and on the down low you can make grenades or buy them and launch them in no-man's land. what ever happened to just accepting that some of us like to shoot things, blow things up, etc? it's good, clean fun and nobody is hurt from it. culture of fear maybe?
with a gun? no.  i see, so banning guns just stops law abiding citizens from having them, yet your family of criminals buys them from people who legally obtained them, or has them legally obtained for them. that makes sense.  why? i don't know, ask some of the people who stole 1.7 million guns between 1993 and 2002. is it really that difficult to case a house for a couple days and figure out when somebody's at work? i don't even come from a family of criminals and i'm sure i'd have no problem doing this.
because...? it's scary to you?  laws change through the years, but stockpiles of firearms are decades old. you buy what existed before the laws came into effect. it's obvious stuff. of course, you can still believe that banning guns or imposing stiff regulations on them will make them vanish, if that makes you happy or comfortable. it's not true, however.  so less than 1% of your 300 million firearms are stolen, this must be the primary way to obtain illegal firearms.  it's just not really a bright idea to use this method when yard sales are safer and won't get you spotted by neighbors. yeah, i know you can figure out when the guy leaves his house, but why spend days figuring out someone's patterns of behaviour when you can have someone buy a gun at a store for you, or pick one up anonymously at a yard sale?
no because they didn't actually exist at the time. but the reason for the second amendment is so that we will be able to protect ourselves from the government if we need to. if guns such as m-16's and ak-47's are restricted to government use, then who's more powerful? the people or the government? the fact that someone has a gun is not the point of the second amendment. it's the right to have a weapon to defend ourselves from the government that will tell us we don't need them. if you gave the average person a grenade or an ak-47, what do you think they will do with it? there's a misconception that they will go mad and shoot everything in sight, when really they will probably lock it away. now tell me, what would be more useful during a home invasion: the ak-47 or a hunting rifle?
i do not fully understand the purpose of such legislation. are they trying to cut down on illegal firearms, accidental deaths, or both? i presume this pertains to the u.s.a. illegal firearms obviously, legislation cannot reduce the number of these. accidental deaths i believe that liberty or death was one of the founding principles of the u.s.a. it seems stupid to replace one tyranny with another. governments are addicted to removing people's rights, and every effort should be made to prevent them from doing so. both an attempt to remove both will be covered by the above two arguments.
the founding fathers didn't envision phones, or television, or the internet, should our first amendment rights be limited to things they had like print, and speech?
you make a good point on the home invasion thing but how often does that actually happen? i don't have any stats but i'm pretty sure there are a lot more accidental deaths from timmy grabbing dad's ak and playing cowboys and indians with the neighbor kids than dad using it to stop a home invasion, and if a home invasion is reason for buying it why wouldn't a handgun do the trick?
guns that kill people on the street are most likely obtained illegally. tightening gun control for legal firearms that are bought and sold legally would do nothing to stop the crime.
this would only take guns out of the hands of law-abiding citizens.
these weapons require a specific, and very expensive, permit to own. so if a man is shot with an m16 or ak47, it would be very easy for authorities to find everyone in the city who owns them and see who did it. adding to that, people who would go on a killing rampage would not be able to obtain a license to carry these weapons.
what are you saying? that people desire to kill a burglar, or that people desire to protect their family?  so that means that people oughtn't have the right to protect themselves when a break-in does occur?  but it can happen. a large portion of the people i know have been robbed.  what is wrong with this argument?  and if those 300,000,000 guns were taken away, what would come of the millions of illegally owned firearms?  that's quite the exaggeration  many places.
what does fund matter when safety is involved?  how did you do it, pray tell!  i don't know; i never did. however, i'd be interested in knowing how to do so.  both of which are extremely dangerous, however. if you are arguing that the danger/power is fun, i could say the same thing for rape or murder, depending on the person.  they are aesthetically pleasant.  how many people actually know how to make them?  some of us? are you saying that you are like this? if so, this is a side of you i've never seen: the human side.  mainly since the '90s. i'd say somewhere around the mid-90s: amber hagerman, jonbenet ramsey - the media paid too much attention to these child-murders and people came to accept them as normal.
yes, and they are trying to do so in quite an absurd manner.  usually it does. that's the problem with not being an american.  that was the old way! modern americans hardly even know about the revolutionary war.  it does, doesn't it? you'd think that people would realize this.  mainly progressives. they're the exact opposite of libertarians.  which is the reason that the "right to bear arms" was included in the first point. *however, you didn't really cover accidental deaths in your "accidental deaths" section. wouldn't more lives be saved by taking away all of america's legally owned guns?
see liberty or death. the liberty of all overshadows the deaths of few.
but if we have gun control then how are we suppose to overthrow our government when they fuck up?
exactly, which is why anyone with half a brain obtains these guns from shadowy sources, if they intend to commit a crime.
it failed due to the fuel not being volatile enough. my parents wouldn't let me manufacture anything more volatile. we had many arguments over these kinds of things, because i was always either planning to create dangerous chemicals, or was on the verge of killing myself by creating dangerous things in the name of curiosity and experimentation. in hindsight i was fortunate to have them watching over me.  it's all pretty easy to figure out on your own, though.  maybe, but they hurt a non-consenting party.  again, not very hard to figure out.  don't kid yourself.  yeah. it really made child abduction and murder so much more difficult to accomplish.
wake up...no law is ever going to make the world safe and remove all accidents and crimes. the world has sharp edges and sometimes people get hurt, not to make light of this it is awful when bad things happen. however the answer isn't to have a bunch of criminals in washington take away more of our rights, because the only people that lose are those of us that follow the law and behave responsible. it is time for us to start remembering that liberty and freedom has a price tag...that is we may from time to time not like the actions of our neighbors. we may not like their morals, manners, or actions however if they are not harming you then its not your business. you cannot legislate human behavior or actions if i want a gun in my home it is my business, if my neighbor wants to use drugs that is his business, or marry someone of the same sex, etc... stop trying to legislate a perfect world the only thing you gain is loss of liberty. not for nothing but the only time i was forced to use a gun for violence was when the same gang of criminals in washington, that are often lobby to remove gun rights, sent me to some lousy desert to do there bidding. i don't support violence in any way shape or form..but if someone wants a gun its there business and it doesn't mean there violent people. stop allowing these bums in d.c. to remove our rights, that is both parties, government has the monopoly on force and violence don't trust it. make no mistake i am not an anarchist...i believe in liberty! yes some government is needed but to enforce natural law that is it!! and not to pick on democrats but if you think your party is any better when it comes to peace then the lousy republicans...what parties held the white house during vietnam and the korean war. wars of nation building that resulted in the deaths of hundreds of thousands. wake up and embrace liberty it works when its real!!!
parents! always holding their prodigies back!  my curiosity was found in books. in hindsight, i`d say i was much better off.  as can those types of weapons. a flamethrower - however powerful it was - if used in the right location, could cause anything from mild damage to a forest fire.  no. it is still extremely rare. it has always been rare. children, in britain at least, are - i think the number was fifty times - more likely to die inside the house than outside. child abduction is still nearly unheard of. most cases of missing children, the child is a runaway. family abduction accounts for most of the abduction cases. a couple thousand are abducted by strangers each year. how many children are in the country? 60,000,000+. they don't have much to fear. also, they`d be safer if more of them played outside. who is going to abduct a child in the midst of twenty or thirty+ friends?
you have no idea. i wanted to make a plasma cannon but no one would help me with the necessary components. plus i kept designing bombs. i was a troubled child, obviously.  oh, i read too, entirely non-fiction. it took a lot of persuasion for me to finally start reading fiction. it didn't help that my interests gave me acid burns and powder burns. try explaining that to the er: your child has burnt hands from black powder flashback. yeah, you were better off not looking into these things.  most technologies we take for granted are as destructive, but we allow them. we should be able to enjoy these weapons.  i was being sarcastic, like "drat! now we can't abduct children anymore to test our latest smallpox vaccine."
well how often does that happen? the death toll is below fifty a year. not only am i talking about home invasion, but the general store robberies, madmen in public areas, etc. the death toll for them is above 300!  some people aren't comfortable enough with a gun like that. if they had something like an ak-47 what right does the government have to take his right away? i have a strong doubt he/she is going to go on a killing spree with it. the government is there to support and protect rights, not take them away. we cannot rely on the government for all our protection, which is why the right to bear arms was put in place. i understand a natural instinct that says more gun control reduces crime, but people need to look at the actual stats!
that's exactly the point! the fact that it is so hard to obtain a gun has created the statistic of 80 percent of all gun crimes committed with illegal firearms. not only that, the good people who abide by the law cannot protect themselves?
dumb humanoids.  all children are trouble.  mostly non-fiction.  i enjoyed the occasional fiction tale - modern, that is - however, i found them dreadfully difficult to complete.  precisely my argument against cars.  there is a difference, however: the only purpose for weapons is to - you're smart enough to figure this one out, aren't you - whereas, say, vehicles - whilst they can do grievous damage - also have benefits.  well, you've always got 9disabled children to test it on.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/willowbrook_state_school)
i just lacked interest. i thank my teachers however for pressuring me into fiction because it opened my mind to many great authors.  cars have utilities and disadvantages. flamethrowers too, though the list of utilities is shorter. they aren't only for killing.
i support this point. criminals could really give a fuck less what the laws are. they'll get laundered guns anyways.
hey quick question for you...why were these weapons made? they were made for the government, the same government that wants to take them away. p.s. i have many guns and as i stated before the only time have pulled the trigger on any gun for violence was for the government. you folks that think your political party can be trusted are sadly mistaken.
many reasons. the answers range from war to genocide to hunting to law enforcement to self protection.  that's not their only purpose and it's not that simple.  i often wonder how one can live with themselves after turning a gun upon someone else.  you're mistaken if you think this comment applies to me.
unfortunately our government has set it up so that we cannot overthrow them, even though it is well within our rights (if not our requirement) as described in the declaration of independence. "...governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness". our forefathers were truly amazing men.
actually it applies worldwide, but most western countries have populations that are fearful and spineless (i'm looking at you britain, australia and canada), so america is one of the few modern nations where owning and operating guns isn't so heavily regulated, and the population has strong, vocal support for it.
strict gun control is needed. it is now 2015 and gun violence continues to grow.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
ban or not, criminals can still get guns. the only true way to fight this crime is to prevent yourself from being a victim and investing in a firearm to protect yourself/family. guns have become a way of lifestyle and major hobby and a ban would impact their lives greatly. countries that have introduced strict gun bans and gun control showed increases (major increase) in crime and homicides. to summarize it all: guns or not, people will still kill people. so, in layman's terms, nut up or shut up.
if firearms were banned, then that would be a direct violation of the 2nd amendment. it would also create a larger black market for guns, therefore the taxpayers would end up paying for more regulation and more trials.
keep guns. it is a right not a privilege. guns don't kill people, people do.
what about the case in that school with adam lanza. he is murder from birth and there wasn't anyone to stop him. that why it's use to be ban on the keeping and buying firearm.
the gun violence in america is horrible, so, all guns should be banned.
the centers for disease control and prevention has a startling revelation for 2015. it is projected that deaths from guns will surpass deaths from car fatalities in 2015. an estimated 33,000 americans will lose their lives from guns as opposed to an estimated 32,000 americans who will die in car accidents. the gun violence in america is an american shame! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-19/american-gun-deaths-to-exceed-traffic-fatalities-by-2015 
i dont think that is a bad idea. with the increase in crimes and security risks, individuals needs to protect themselves from harm. however i do think that the criminal history of the recepients should be examined to make sure they have a clean criminal background, that they are in good mental health and that they should be monitored on a regular basis.
we already trust law abiding citizens to own guns that will fire a bullet with every trigger pull. why would it make that much of a difference if the gun fired continuous bullets? it only takes one bullet to kill, and currently, almost no one is using them in that fashion. the ones who do are getting them illegally, so selling automatic weapons legally wouldn't matter to them because they would get it from the black market anyways, not a sporting goods store or gun shop.
i agree its not a bad idea; because its a freaking terrible one. all the evidence says that if you are in possession of a firearm you are more likely to get shot. more likely. anyone who wants to justify owning an automatic weapon should pop over to australia and see how well we get on without them. no-one has popped a cap anywhere around me or mine ever. thats right ever, no shootings to speak of and no armed robberies of my friends or family, ever. though once the cat, or gat in this case, is out of the bag i am not sure you can put it away. hard to see how the states could get all those guns back, so good luck champs.
nope. there have been hundreds of thousands of cases in which people have defended themselves or others with guns. look up this link below. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc1071444/  and comparing australia with the united states is like comparing apples and oranges. the australian government is a lot different than the one in the united states. you can't conclusively say that guns are the main factor.
so you want to legalize all drugs too, right? i mean, after all, if someone can't buy heroine from a supermarket, they're just going to go to the black market anyways.
nope. there's a difference. using drugs will screw up a person's mind and potentially make them do bad things. a gun will not. it's simply a tool, not anything that will alter a person.
using a gun could screw up someone's mind. absolute power corrupts absolutely, remember? but you are right, a gun is just a tool. it is not dangerous, as long as the people holding it don't have evil intentions. and so making automatic weapons legal will decrease the amount people who have evil intentions and wish to have automatic weapons how?
cars have the power to kill people. in fact, a lot more cars kill people than guns do. should we ban cars too? what about kitchen knives? or tire irons? under you're premise, having a deadly tool can alter someone's mind, so we should get rid of them since they can kill people. and for your second point, most people who want guns for evil intentions don't buy them from a gun shop. they buy them "under the table" so to speak. the legality of weapons doesn't matter to a criminal. if they really want an automatic weapon, they'll find a way to get one. it makes no sense to bar them from our law abiding citizens.
i just can't follow the leap in logic that if criminals have/will acquire automatic weapons, law abiding citizens need to have automatic weapons as well. there's just not really a logical purpose for an automatic weapon in a domestic environment.
if criminals have more firepower than the law abiding citizen, it becomes a problem because it puts the potential victim at a disadvantage. there are many instances in which an automatic weapon would be more effective against multiple targets than a semi auto. gang break-ins for instance. occasionally in gang related intrusions, several intruders may break in at a time. if they are grouped together, which they usually are, a full auto will take care of them quite nicely.
what you are doing is making an (unreasonable, violent) solution to a problem that may be prevented from happening in the first place through other, better, nonviolent manners. you could have an alarm system for your house, you could have neighborhood watch-people, you could have a guard dog, you could help fund local school systems that will keep teens out of crime while simultaneously giving them an education. instead of promoting a radical, deadly solution to these kinds of problems, try to use some common sense. you don't need to fight fire with fire. sometimes water will do just fine.
alarms systems don't always run a criminal out of your house, and it often takes several minutes for police to respond. neighborhood watches and school systems are ineffective in a similar fashion. they reduce the likelihood of a break in, but they don't help much once it's already happening. when it does happen and someone gets into your home with hostile intentions, the safest thing to do is to kill them. preferably with a weapon effective for the task.
>< 1. you linked a survey. we all know gun advocates think they're dirty harry, find some police stats... you won't be able to. 2. the survey you linked is not about automatic firearms. even if you are dirty harry, it only takes one bullet to stop an intruder, not 100. as for comparisons, you can compare australia becaue they have a similar socio-political make-up, which is the primary contributor to crime. other countries with a similar socio-political make-up include the scandinavian countries, canada, england, and france - all of which show similar results with greater gun control laws. now, you can argue the legitimacy of a handgun, hunting rifle, etc, and i would say it should be a local issue in each case (ie south central chicago might want different laws than rural alabama). what you cannot do is say that having a oozi is self-protection. it is in the best case overkill, in the worst case a criminal who just has not been caught yet.
ok, for the sake of discussion, lets throw out the survey. why is it so hard to believe being armed and knowing how to use your weapons effectively will make you safer? the reason you can't compare the united states and australia on the subject of guns is because it won't produce clean results. in order to accurately compare or test a variable, the variable must be the only thing that changes. the united states and australia have different laws and different governments, so it's impossible to derive a conclusive result about one variable. furthermore, the socio-political makeup is different in the united states. countries like australia, canada, england, and france all have a lot more socialism for instance. part of my argument for this is common sense. if a criminal is lawless enough to use a weapon for malicious purposes, will he really care about the legality of his weapons? there's always a black market to turn to almost anywhere in the world. also, guns aren't the only way violence can be carried out. if people really want to hurt other people, they'll find a way to do it. i agree with you that gun laws should be a local issue. in some cases, an automatic weapon is more effective than a semi auto for self defense (such as when several intruders break into a home at once, or when someone breaks in with armor). i know these cases are very rare, but they do happen occasionally. and when they do, an oozi is in fact a sensible choice. that's why the military uses automatic m-16s.
a lot of things are common sense. the numbers show that one who owns a gun is far more likely to accidently shoot himself, or have a child who figures out a way to shoot themself, then to ever encounter an intruder. home intrusions where the owner is home are less common than accidental shootings, that's a fact. i have no problem with guns, in fact i like them. i live though 2 blocks from the lv strip, and i would "feel" safer knowing it was hard for my neighbors to get their hands on a gun, than i would with one of my own. very few gun control advocates advocate total gun control, that is a strawman the nra made up. most gun control advocates simply want local municipalities to be allowed to look at the numbers and say "okay, you can have a handgun but not an automatic" in such and such a community, "you can carry whatever you want in this community" or if you're in the middle of the ghetto, maybe you can only own a hunting rifle. i see nothing wrong with this.
the numbers show that one who owns a gun is far more likely to accidentally shoot himself, or have a child who figures out a way to shoot themself, then to ever encounter an intruder. home intrusions where the owner is home are less common than accidental shootings, that's a fact. i believe you will find, however, that the vast majority of accidental shootings are non-lethal. intruders who break into an occupied home on the other hand, are likely to know the house is occupied, and come prepared with a weapon and have a conscious will to do damage.  i'm actually a member of the nra, and i have yet to hear from them that the feds will completely ban all guns. what they will do however, is take smaller steps on a slippery slope. things like bigger taxes on ammunition, a higher charge to obtain certain permits, bans on certain accessories, and even misleading legislation such as the "assault rifle" ban that would include many common hunting rifles.  neither do i. but the problem is that it is a slippery slope. the general trend in the past has been to legislate with continually more restrictive laws, and they seldom get repealed. this is what has gun enthusiasts upset. trivial laws aren't so trivial when they continue to build up. and futhermore, who gets to decide what is reasonable? you may end up with a county of gun control extremeists who won't let you have anything, or you may have one that lets people have rpgs.
first of all, denying individuals the access to firearms is not a good idea because they will still find illegal ways to posess weapons and this will be worst because in the legal format of owing weapons, the government can keep a registry of firearm owners and monitor them but in the illegal way, the government has no idea who owns firearms and this can cause a threat to society. secondly, you cant deny anyone access to firearm because the 2nd ammendment itself does not prohibit giving firearms to civilians. if your standpoint of argument is the fact that firearms increases the level of criminality of civilians, then that argument in itself is a constitutional violation of the civilian rights based on the constitution on which this country was built. thirdly, guns are needed for protection in areas that have a high crime rate. a perfect example is a young father who i personally knew, and who was also a business man. he was robbed in front of his wife and children and then shot in the head and left to die. take that for an example and imagine if he had access to a gun for his and his family protection, what would have happened.
your entire argument is irrelevant. your first point merely echoes my point about illegal/illicit drugs (why not legalize meth, crack, cocaine, and everything else because then the government can keep a registry of drug owners and monitor them but in the illegal way the government has no idea who owns drugs and this can cause a threat to society). see, you just substituted firearms for drugs. secondly and most importantly, the debate is about automatic firearms. tell me where i ever wanted to take away your "god-given" second amendment (by the way, just to point out, who cares if it's in the constitution. the constitution is a man made document, and as such is fallible. that's why there are amendments like the second, and why the negro is no longer 3/5 a person, and 18 year olds, women, and minorities can vote).  an automatic weapon would have probably been more dangerous in this situation, especially since the criminal would have had a higher probability of owning an automatic weapon as well.
this is not so. meth and cocaine cannot be used in a positive way since they will always cause bodily harm. guns on the other hand, can be used for hunting and protection.  the point being made was that banning guns won't help the potential victims. criminals seldom obtain their guns by legal means.
first of all, meth and cocaine cannot be used in a case of self defense. the whole purpose of legalizing firearms is the fact that it can be used for the purpose of self defence when a person's life is in danger. no one has the right to own these types of substances because by law, they are illegal. gun is an equipment and not a substance. meth and cocaine are substances. what are the benefits of owning drugs in terms of saving your lives? can you use it to defend yourself? let me ask you this question, if you dont care about the constitution because it is man made then how come you care about the illegality of crack or meth? didnt man- made laws made those substances illegal? the ammendments were made to the constitution because as we approached a liberal era, the people gained more rights. the whole purpose of the ammendments are to protect the people from the power of the government when used in an unfair manner. you should be thankful that the constitutional gave minorites and the women the right to vote. the constitution never prohibited in the whole, that right was added on to it to widen the rights of the people. if the father had access to a weapon, then his life would have been saved. what can be more dangerous than a father losing his life? how much dangerous can it get?
it's a terrible idea. i mean seriously why would a regular person ever need a automatic firearm. i'm from sweden and the only civilians allowed to own weapons are hunters and even they have a relatively hard time getting a weapon. a country can function just fine without regular people owning weapons.
first of all to blindly follow your us constitution in modern days is ridicules because times and ways of life change. and to answer your exiting question the rest of the family might have been shot as well.
in reference to the constitution, it is interesting how you fail to mention the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments which are directly amending the constitution, not just adding things. also, i would like to refer to you to george carlin in reference to rights. if something is a "right," how is it possible that rights change with time? either it is a right, or it is not; it is not subject to the whims of the people, politicians, or populations. i believe in your right to self-defense. i don't believe in your "right" to an automatic weapon (especially when a normal, non-automatic gun would suffice).  perhaps the family gets hit in the crossfire. or a witness. or anyone else besides the assailant and victim.
do you shoot moose with machine guns? do you need an ak for protecting yourself from muggers?  where have i said anything about banning guns. take your guns, fine, you may have that "right." that does not, however, give you the right to fire any kind of weaponry you want. if you want to take this back to the founders, they would be appalled at the way people abuse the second amendment in order to justify owning frivolous (for civilians) arms. the worst they had were muskets (inaccurate at that) and canons (more so) that came no where near the deadly force of even a handgun today.
why do you follow the laws that were created 100s of years ago? arent they man made? and to respond to you, those childre n are orhans now because their father was killed not able to defend himself. even though the children saw their father killed, at a distance they saw him being shot they could not have been injured.
hunting with automatic weapons is illegal in the united states and unsportsmanlike besides. although if a bear is charging at you, it would be good to have an automatic .45 to kill it before it kills you. and automatic weapons are much more effective than semi-autos to eliminate multiple or armored targets (such as gang break-ins, or an intruder with a bullet proof vest).  they most certainly would not. every one of them thoroughly understood the importance of having an armed citizenry, and they encouraged the ownership of guns as much as they could. without the strong prevalence of firearms in early america, they could have never succeeded in their revolution, and without the continuation of armed citizens, the government could obtain absolute power and oppress the people.  but the important part was the fact that weapons were evenly matched. people could still kill each other with firearms, and often did in the revolution. thousands upon thousands of people met their fate at the end of a gun making the gun violence of today a drop in the bucket (despite the fact that they are more advanced). everyone was well aware of their lethal potential, and yet they were encouraged anyways because when a society is armed, citizens are much more reluctant to commit a crime and governments are much more reluctant to oppress the people.
the 13th, 14th and 15th ammendment was made to the constitution to widen the rights of the people because governments could infringe upon the rights of the people. it is because of the constitution that we are protected in our homes or else the government could barge in and carry out unreasonable searches and seizures and then use that evidence to deprive us of life, liberty and property. many people misinterpets the meaning of 'rights.' it is not a right itself that changes overtime, it is we the people who give governments the power to take a right away from us because according to howard zinn, the government gets it power from the people and power and rights come from the people, not the government. do you think the constitution was created by a government? whether you believe in the right to firearm or not is what your opinion is but majority of the population would agree that law abiding citizens have a right to firearms which is why the constitution permitting the use of firearms was never challenged. if you are saying that we should not give firearms to people because other people might get killed, then what you are implying is that we should take away the means from a person to protect themselves and let them die when we can provide them with the equipment that can save their lives. and by the way, majority of the crimes committed are committed by illegal gun posession and not legal gun posession. the 13th, 14th, and 15th ammendments were rights bestowed upon the people in the constituion and not changes made to the constitution.
no. an armed society is a polite society. ;)
not sure about whether or not it's a good or bad idea but, i'll tell ya, it is easily a fantastic form of entertainment.
i do follow laws but laws are updated often enough to make most of them make sense. the us constitution is old and could use updating just like any other set of laws. it's true that it would complicated to revoke peoples right to bear arms but if it would be done it would be for the better. and i apologize if i upset you with my answer to your question regarding the family but what i meant was that the situation could have been escalated to a far more dangerous situation should the father have pulled a gun on the robber. the father would like any other normal person have been slightly hesitant about shooting someone.
it most certainly would not be for the better, and i believe you underestimate american attachment to their gun rights. there are several million gun owners here, and if the right to bear arms was revoked, there would almost certainly be a civil war. especially considering the fact that most of the armed services would likely side with gun owners.   most gun owners (in the us anyways) are quite competent with their firearms, and i can tell you from experience, the hesitation doesn't happen when you or your family is in danger.
first of all, most of the laws are updated because of the constitution. in most of the instances, government might create or already have a law that is infringing upon the rights of the people so when a person is incacerated because of the vagueness, ex post facto or inefficient law, the supreme court has to interpret the constitution and then apply it to update the law. there are so many case laws that were created from the constitution and so many laws created by legislators were striked down because it was seen as a violation of civilian rights when interpreted by the constitution. do you think, that if we are in a emergency, we can always depend on police officers to save us? do you think that if i call 911, and there is a man holding a gun, and the cops take appromixately 15 mins to arrive, between the scope of that 15 minuites, i will be begging for my life and defenseless infront of my perpretator only for the cop to arrive and then find my dead body. as it is, many laws are already favorable to the defendant and what you are proposing is a law favorable to the defendant because the victim is not allowed to carry a weapon but at the same time, the defendant will still carry a weapon even if it is illegal for the sole purpose of robbing someone or killing someone. i agree with you that maybe the situation could have escalated but how do you know that it could have? are you certain or just making a presumption? how come in many other cases, people that uses gun for self defence dont end up injuring other members of their families in the process of defending themselves. take for example the connecticut murders that took place recently, in which the father was tied up, beaten, wife and two daughters killed in which one of the daughter was raped infront of the family before she was killed. dont you think that if the father or mature family member had access to a weapon, all this could have been prevented? or are you going to say that somebody else could have been hurt? cause the entire family with the exception of the father died.
i agree with you. banning the use of firearms on civilians would most certainly introduce a new civil war in society and more damage to the society than one could imagine. because if a right is taken awasy from them, then they will see it as a form of dictatorship and hence try to rebel since it is a right granted to them by the constitution. not only would it create a civil war but the crime rate will also go up because the illegal firearm owners will now have the upper hand on choosing and attacking their potential victims.
by revoking peoples right to bare arms i didn't mean that the government is to swoop down and forcefully collect everybody's guns, i was thinking of something a bit more gradual like perhaps starting with putting up restrictions to make it more difficult to buy a gun. and on the second point i sincerely hope that all americans aren't so hardened and cold that they could without even a second of hesitation pull out a gun and immediately shoot someone. to believe that any regular person no matter the country could easily gun down an other person is delusional. i'm not trying to be offensive and i understand that there are people that would have an easier time shooting someone than others but the reality is that most people would hesitate even for only the briefest moment and that moment can be vital to what happens next.
i agree with you on many of your points and in present day america changing the policy on guns would be extremely difficult but you must agree with me when i say that a country functions better without such an abundance of guns. and i also agree that the incident in connecticut could have most certainly been prevented should one of them had access to a gun. i still stand by my belief that a country should in any case function better and be safer in the long run without such free access to guns.
i do not agree with you that a country can run better without the abundance of guns. i believe you are under the presumption that anyone can have acess to a gun. not anyone however can have access to a gun so in other words, access to guns are not free. it is limited because there are other factors that helps to determine who is better suited for a gun. these factors includes criminal history or any mental evaluation and furthermore, the government keeps a registry for firearm holders and monitor their use by also requiring them to renew their registration yearly.
that is a shame because crime wise many countries are functioning better.
you cant compare one country to another when there is a difference in the sizes of the population as well as other social factors which can be responsible for one effect.
i fear that i might have been unclear you see i accidentally strayed from the subject but i only wonder if you honestly believe that in the future america will have truly benefited from your current weapon policy. and you are correct the us can't be seen as one country when it comes to laws but gradually change the approach to guns in individual states. i admit its a bit naive of me to think that your entire country wouldn't be pissed about one of there rights. i want you to think past the inevitable impact of removing a right and think of the benefits afterwards granted that you aren't launched into a civil war in which case you'd be screwed.
by whom?  why is a negro no longer 3/5 a person, then? that was in the constitution. you are overlooking the basic, transient, flexible nature of the constitution. also, you are overlooking the entire premise of the debate: automatic weapons.
yes, shooting an automatic weapon in a domestic area sounds like a fine idea. it's similar to gassing a house with a family in it in order to kill some ants. at least you killed all the ants, right?  you don't think that's a strawman argument? here's what happens with weapons: http://www.jahonline.org/article/1054-139x(95)00030-v/abstract 00030-v/abstract) education, on the other hand, is almost universally acknowledged as the best way for people to influence their government (without bloody revolution). an in fact, those with a low education are more likely to commit crimes (http://www.fightcrime.org/sites/default/files/reports/mi%20cops%20and%20tots_0.pdf) so would it not make more sense for people to invest more energy and money in the education effort rather than the armament effort?
do you realize that break-ins aren't always a one man job? and do you also know that some intruders wear body armor? automatic weapons are more effective against such targets.  no, because it has happened in the past. also, that was one of the main reasons the founders encouraged people to be armed.  allowing citizens to own automatic weapons doesn't necessitate a draw on government resources.
if you read the original constitution, you would see that it did not stated "blacks are 3/5 of a person." what it sates is "3/5 of all other persons" because that portion of the constitution was referring to the population of the blacks. and also automatic weapons has no bearing on an argument prohibiting the use of civilians for self defence.
it said that only 3/5 of the black population counted in representation for states, thus effectively making a black person worth 3/5. regardless, this section was directly changed by the 14th amendment. i don't understand why you are arguing whether or not the constitution has been changed. i'm saying automatic weapons are entirely superfluous if one wishes to protect him or herself. a small arm, or non-automatic weapon would suffice just fine.
there's really no way i can argue with you. yes, shooting a spray of bullets at "enemies" will be more efficient than taking the time to individually shoot each person, but that does not necessitate owning automatic weapons.  jesus christ, please stay on topic, this is getting exhausting. i earlier said, keep your arms. i'm not asking to deprive you of all guns, merely automatic. this is a rather good site: http://www.guncite.com/gun_control_gcassaul.html  it says that .2% (1/5 of 1%) of violent crimes are perpetrated with assault weapons (even using their broad definition). therefore, to claim that you need an automatic weapon to defend you and your family against these hordes of automatic-weapon-bearing criminals is simply ludicrous.  no, but the billions (to trillions worldwide) of money spent on arming ourself with firearms could largely be used more efficiently spent on better educating a nation.
throwing civilians at a criminal? grabbing civilians by the legs and swinging them like a baseball bat? i might question the effectiveness of such.
when someone (or multiple people) break into your house, seconds count. especially when the intruders are armed.  how about shotguns? or pistols? they kill people just as well as an "assault rifle" and most are a lot cheaper. and no, you probably wont ever encounter a situation in which you need an automatic. just like you will probably never need to use a concealed weapon for your own defense. but the point is that it's better to be allowed to have it on the chance that the need arises.  sure it could. but making laws that decide where private sector money goes is called socialism. and socialism won't work in this country.
then the conflict would only be delayed. there would be continually more public unrest and protesting until it eventually became violent just as it would be if they were confiscated.  i speak from experience on this particular topic, and it's not something that anyone wants to be faced with. but there are times when a person must protect himself and his family because he has a duty to them and to himself. even if that means killing the attacker.
i deeply apologize for the error in my argument. i meant the use of firearms for self defence. i was at the time, multi tasking so i am sorry about the error in my statement.
you said it yourself. 3/5 of the black population. thus, there is a difference between a black person or any type of person being the value of 3/5 of a person and 3/5 of a population. but anyway back to the argument. i brought up the fact that the right to a firearm is within the constitution. you argued that the constitution is infallible or was changed. so you are the one that raised the effectiveness of the constitution, not me. if a person chooses to have an automatic firearm or not, that is his decision, as long as he stays within the confine of the law because as a civilian, he has certain rights that the state cannot rid him of and the claim that owning a firearm is a potential for further criminality in a given population is a broad generalization in an argument without proper proof to prove so. furthermore, if you are claiming that possession of gun leads to further criminality then i am surprised that your perception of small non automatic guns is different because gun in the whole can be a danger depending on how and where you use it. your solution to a problem will have no effect on the problem at present if that is what you are proposing for a change.
i don't think you understand math.  which one? it can't be both. i'm fairly certain i argued the constitution has been changed, and your refusal to accept a basic understanding of history does not change history.  speaking of broad generalizations...
there is literally no point in arguing this. it is not so much you have convinced me of anything, or i feel like you make valid points, so much as it is that you are so entrenched in your ideas of why one should be able to carry deadly weapons and inflict deadly harm on someone at any time that i cannot even hope to "win" the debate. also, this debate is entirely unrelated to socialism.
i dont think you understand english enough to understand the difference between the words "person" as you claimed earlier and the term "population." your argument is based on a phrase of the constitution which you yourself is not sure what the correct meaning of that phrase is. if you were smart enough you would figure that when i was referring to "certain rights" i was referring to the 2nd ammendment. you should probably check up the meaning of "broad generalizations" as well because it seems you have an issue in understanding the basics of english.
its ok to stray off topic sometimes to establish your point. how can we know if this country will benefit from that policy until you give them a chance to put it into effect. and like i would have mentioned earlier in my argument, the use of firearms in the home for self defence has helped to save many lives in the past and majority of the crimes committed are committed by illegal firearm holders. this should be a clear indicator that legal ownership of guns in no way has increased potential criminality for law abiding citizens. i strongly think that if you remove that rights and lets assume that a civil war occurs. now lets think past that, dont you think the civil war will cause the economy as well as the social structure of this country to collapse and plunge us into a new era of severe depression?
law abiding citizens is based on how they've acted so far! just because they have been law abiding for the time they have doesn't mean they always will be. also, hunting accidents are common enough, if automatic weapons were in use, and a misfire or the like happened the effect could be much more extreme. law abiding does not mean entirely responsible.
under that logic, we shouldn't allow anyone to have guns since they may one day snap and go on a shooting rampage. in fact, we really shouldn't even allow people to have cars since they may snap and mow down pedestrians, or ram a school bus. come to think of it, we might as well just lock everyone up in padded cells so that no one can get hurt ever.  actually hunting accidents are very rare, and when they do happen, it is usually due to the elements, not a misfire. furthermore, hunting with automatic weapons is illegal, unnecessary, and not the topic of this particular debate. there are many gun restrictions specific to hunting that don't apply for other types of shooting.  it is impossible to ever be able to guage how responsible someone is 100%, and it will always be fraught with bias. that doesn't mean we should eliminate a right because there have been a few wing nuts out there.
the constitution was not taking a census, you do realize. they were saying that 3/5 of "all other persons" (i.e. slaves and other racial minorities) counted toward representation. thus, the 14th amendment changed this and made every person count toward representation. effectively, it legitmized the position of former slaves as full citizens, whereas before they were clearly not.  and what i'm saying is these rights are not absolute. you do not get to own whatever you want whenever you want. you don't get to automatically own incredibly dangerous weapons. or else why couldn't a citizen own a nuclear warhead, or why are there regulations on gun ownership like licensing?
now that you have taken a proper approach towards your argument, i do agree with you that they were referring to as blacks and other minorities including the native indians as well as "3/5 of all other persons" because the presence of the british was still influencing america at that point and the rise of civil rights movements caused the blacks to be free from slavery through rebellion against the dictators. however, at that point, the constitution was never reviewed and was recently created by the wealthy upper class white members of society who thought that their actions were wise. further review of the constitution lead to the institution of the 14th ammendment and due process clause. but as it is, the constitution has been reviewed for years and found to be appropiately fair not only by legislators but by several courts and human rights committee including the u.s supreme court. if you recalled in my argument, i did not mention the term "broad rights," instead i mentioned the term "certain rights." this certain right was referring to the the use of applicable firearms for self defence and automatic firearms were ruled to be liable for self defence. so, certain rights would extend to the use of automatic firearms for the use of self defence by civilians. and you said it yourself, the people's actions are limited by the government through the process of licensing, thus, through this process, the government gets to monitor the use of firearms by the civilian population.
and thus the government may decide what is sufficient in order for civilians to defend themselves. i believe automatic weapons do not fall within that domain.
if you believe automatic weapons do not fall within that domain then point to a specific clause stating or proving your point. what you believe is your opinion, not the fact.
my argument is stated in previous entries.
your argument is based on your opinion. i dont need to hear your opinions. i need to hear your proof. you said that the people's use of firearm is restricted, so if that truly is the case, then point to specific clause, stating so in any parts of the constitution or the bill of rights, since that is the ultimate source of rights.
and as we discussed, it is not really the constitution that is the "source of rights." rights may not be decided on the whim of a document or a people, otherwise then they're not rights, they're privileges. therefore, i only need prove that the "rights" given to us by the constitution have ever been limited by actions from the government, to extend that as well to the 2nd amendment. take free speech, which has often times been limited by the government (e.g. you cannot yell "fire" when there is in fact no fire) when it is deemed that said right may be dangerous for other civilians. similarly, the 2nd amendment may be, and should be, limited in scope by restricting the general population from owning automatic firearms. actually one is more likely to be involved in a homicide if one owns a gun, among a myriad of other statistics (see link). additionally, countries with more restrictive gun control laws tend to have a higher homicide rate. making guns more available, as well as increasing the firepower and killing power of a single weapon would dramatically increase one's susceptibility to violent crime via guns.
the constitution is mot merely privileges, it is a source of rights. point out one phrase in the constitution that mentions the terms "privileges." however you will find many of the terms listed as being "rights." you claim that rights have not been decided merely on the basis of a document but bear in mind rights were decided by the u.s supreme court on the every document that we should refer as being the constitution of the united states. the rights guaranteed in the constitution cannot be limited unless one trespasses the limits of these constitutional rights which are no longer protected by the government. yelling fire in a crowd when there is no fire is not free speech as you claim because according to the law, it produces a bad result definitely, since it can cause panic and can even cause injury because people might try to escape in panic. in some instances, yelling fire in a crowd when there is no fire in a building can cause people to block up the exit leading to a depletion of oxyen which can result in people dying. therefore, this is not a right as you claim. this is an act of crime that can result in severe danger or death to others. if i recall you stated in your argument that "the 2nd amendment may be, and should be." the words "may" and "should" illustrates that not even you yourself is certain in whether your perception of this issue is actually factual or just opinionated. furthermore, weapons in the whole can increase a person's susceptibility to commit violent crimes but if that is true then: a) that includes and covers the possession and ownership of small guns as well so they should also be banned and b) how come the crime rate for legal owners of firearms has been significantly lower than that of the crime rate for illegal firearm owners?
you misunderstand my problem with so-called "rights." i am saying rights (fundamental, universal, human) are not granted via a document or supreme court ruling. these rights would include liberty, pursuit of happiness, and equality. these are vague constructs, yet seem to be morally appropriate to guarantee to all human beings, and thus are rights of all human beings. the constitution attempts to distinguish specific ways to achieve these various universal rights, and thus they are limited in their focus and intent. that is why i would rather not speak of the bill of rights or the constitution as a way of measuring a right but rather a privilege.  and thus you contradict yourself in one sentence. how can they not be limited, and yet still have limits, which trespassing those limits results in the creation of limits? my example of yelling fire in a crowd was a perfect example of even how freedom of speech (i.e. to say what you will when you will) is limited for the benefit of the majority. thus we may place similar restrictions on other rights to benefit the majority. additionally "may" merely reflected the observation that the 2nd amendment has been limited before, and "should" reflected my opinion that it should be. i'm sorry, your analysis of simple language mechanics is faulty, and it appears you seem to be grasping at straws.  no, they should be restricted. like any policy, there is a "sweet spot" of regulation and freedom. too much regulation and people no longer have the "right" and too little and it is nearing anarchy. currently, it appears to me that gun laws are much too lax, and should be strengthened.  do you see how i provided actual, factual statistics? do you see how you have not?
first of all, prove to me that righ5ts are not granted via document or court ruling. the u.s supreme court has not granted any civilians rights but they have interpreted the rights available in the constitution and prohibit the government from violating these rights. if the supreme court and any document which you are claiming was not the source of rights, then why were various case laws made from these sources and why was the government prohibited from passing laws that would violate the constitutional rights of civilians. if i recall, the supreme court has dealt with various cases regarding racial bias, due process, 4 th amendment searches and seizures as well as racial stereotyping. the court ruled in all these cases that due process and equality has been denied in these cases and therefore these people were freed because the source of their rights, the constitutional rights were violated. a privilege is something that you can take away whereas rights are something you cannot take from a citizen. again, you seem to be having a hard time in understanding the technicality of my perception. how can you call the commission of a crime as a right? if one does something that produces a bad result and can endanger other lives, how can you refer to that as being a right or privilege? what you are referring to is not freedom of speech. that is referred to as a crime. there is a difference between something that we enjoy as a right but does not protect us from committing crimes. for example, the freedom of speech also extends to actions, meaning that we have a right to display our actions, so lets assume that i have a right to free speech, does that mean i can go and burn down buildings or killing people to get my message across because i have a right to free speech? again, your example is a crime and not a right. you should read up on what adds up to a right and a crime respectively. if i was in a debate in court and used the term "may" people would assume i myself am not sure of the point i am trying to get across. that proves that you are not certain if what you are saying is the truth or you think it might be true or not true what you are saying. my analysis of simple language is based on the language you put forth so don't blame me for observing for what is put forth in front of me. let me give you an example, if cops arrive on a scene to arrest a person and the person is suspected of being in a building so the cops approach you and ask you if he is in the building or not and you respond by saying "maybe" then that means that you are not sure but you think he might be. you see the difference between certainty and uncertainty and how words illustrate our inner opinions or may contradict our points? i think you are failing to realize or accept that restrictions will have no effect on guns. these people need to be monitored. what evidence have you provided? factual evidence from the fbi? which is responsible for collecting and storing records of crime?
our perceptions of rights differ in my definition is an absolute, i.e. rights exist regardless of documents, and yours are relative, i.e. a document provides them and thus are limited by those who are governed by those documents. does that clear up the matter? i said, "you may pass me the cheese now," quite obviously i am not having uncertainty over whether or not i will receive cheese, i am merely being polite and saying you are physically allowed to pass me the cheese. i believe i was referring to restricting the second amendment in this way, i.e. we are allowed to limit/regulate that right.  and thus, you completely ignored my simple request. i did provide several studies (though embedded in an article). and for someone who has such little faith in government (after all, we need all the guns we can get to protect ourselves from their tyranny), you would still trust their studies? (http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/homicide/weapons.cfm) (http://bjs.ojp.usdoj.gov/content/glance/tables/firearmnonfataltab.cfm) are those enough trends?
i think you are misunderstanding the perception of what importance that document serves. you are forgetting that since we do not get our rights from the government, there needs to be a document which is the ultimate source of rights that serves the purpose of preventing the government from infringing upon our rights since government tends to act in conflict to the interests of its people. let me remind you that when this constitution was created back then, it first had to be approved by the people before it could become effective and to this day, it still is accepted and approved by the majority of the population. you are failing to understand that there is a difference between what you referred to as being a crime and what is actually a right. how can we have a right to commit a crime when the example you gave is clearly a crime? governments are not limiting our rights because the right you are referring to is not a right but rather a crime, therefore that cannot be found in the source of rights because it is a violation of the laws. if you said to me that you may pass me the cheese, you used the term may because you are not certain if i will. if you used the term please, then you are displaying a sign of politeness. finally, i did take a look at those statistics you sent to me and there is one major problem that i observed. why is it that your graph fails to point out what proportion of these crimes were committed by legal or illegal firearm holders? as far as i am concerned, all these crimes could have been committed by illegal firearm holders because the graph itself fails to refer if these gun crimes were committed by illegal and or legal firearm holders, thus the proof you sent me still do not justify the point you are trying to make. i am surprised that you questioned my faith in a government by trusting their statistics when your argument illustrates a low level of faith in the government, but yet at the same time, you are using government statistics. and like i mentioned, your studies make no distinctions of gun crimes committed by illegal and legal firearm holders so how are we supposed to figure out which category makes up the larger portion of those crimes committed?
the key word is law abiding citizen. law abiding citizens are not criminals, therefore, they have no reason to use these weapons unless for self defense of oneself or others.
i'm saying that the whims of the majority do not guarantee, grant, or deny anyone rights. thus, neither does the document. rights are an intrinsic aspect of an existence. you may not say, "oh, i don't like him, so i'm going to write a document and get it approved by the governing force to take away his rights." do you recognize how ridiculous that is?  please, give this up. this is a very small straw you're grasping at. focus on substantive parts of my argument. how about a quote: "in the 1992-93 kansas city experiment, a number of police officers in the inner city of kansas city were put specifically and entirely on the duty of searching for and eliminating illegal firearms. this heightened crackdown took place over a period of 29 weeks, after which results were studied and compared with those of the first, unchanged 29 weeks. after the 29 weeks of heightened activity against illegal firearms, the rates of gun crimes in the part of the city monitored decreased significantly, by almost 50%, whereas the "control" section of the city, in which a crackdown on illegal guns was not enforced, experienced no change in its crime rate." quite obviously, if police crack down on illegal firearms, and gun crime rate decreases by almost 50%, you see that most gun crime is committed by illegal firearms. that is why it stands to reason that by making more powerful guns more readily available, crime rate would probably be increased because criminals would have much greater access to much more powerful weapons. please, read the site i provided earlier: http://www.guninformation.org/ also, it appears that yet again, i am the only one providing a factual, statistical backup for my responses.
it amazes me that you seem to be having a hard time to grasp the point i am trying to make. if the rights come from the people, then it takes majority of the people to put that right into effect. rights do not just come from anywhere, they come from the people. one senior prosecutor examined your argument last night and told me to ask you, if you do not need a document to prove that you have rights, then how come you need a document to prove in a court of law that you are innocent when you are already innocent and also said that you should point to any specific part of the constitution that states the term "privileges." why would the people write a document to take away somebody else rights when the same rights that they have created for themselves would apply to all citizens of that country. do you know how ridiculous that argument sounds? if there was a crack down on illegal firearms, then that points out to the fact that if government monitors the using of firearms by civilians then the level of firearm crimes will decrease. this is a form of monitoring in which certain requirements are not met, so the government seizes hold of that firearm until the requirements are met. if most gun crimes are committed by illegal firearm holders then it means that legal ownership of firearms combined with government monitoring can have a positive effect. the site that you provided me with seems to be lacking impartiality since it seems to be biased. at the beginning of the site, the author did not post his name (i wonder why nor the date the information was last updated or published) and because of his bias and lack of impartiality, any information obtained would be biased since he is obtaining information to satisfy his level of bias. in all of his argument or evidence, he introduced sources who were biased to gun rights which leads me to wonder why did he not introduce sources favorable to gun rights and then produce counter sources to counter act the point made by those sources? secondly, some of the sources were from religious sources which is an issue since sources that are religious in nature would tend to mix religion with logic. thirdly, some of the results in the research were conducted in different countries, which is unacceptable for me to read since you cannot in any way compare a country to the united states because there can be more than one factor that can be causing the gun crime rate there and also there is a difference in the size of the country and the population as well as social issues. "gary kleck and marc gertz have found that as many as 400,000 people per year use guns in situations in which they later claimed that the gun almost saved their lives. even if these estimates are off by a factor of 10, it means that armed citizens may save 40, 000 lives yearly" (siegel, larry j. (2008), introduction to criminal justice (12th ed.), pg. 70) also the source of the problem is illegal firearm ownership because according to the national crime victimization center, illegal firearms are used in about 20 percent of robberies, 10 percent of assaults and 5 percent of rapes. therefore, if you outlaw automatic guns criminals will still have access to these guns because there are still gangs who have access to these guns and can sell them to earn a profit. "banning the use of firearms will lead to that gun having more value which can lead to an increased trafficking in gun as well as other illegal substances (siegel, criminology: theories, patterns and typologies 10th ed. pg. 50)
so what you're saying is rights are decided by a majority? you have the freedom of speech because a bunch of people voted that people should be allowed to speak there mind? does that not also imply that rights may be taken away in a similar manner? therefore, that "right" is not so much a right in that it is yours no matter what as much as it is a privilege granted to you by a population. i am saying rights are absolutes, transient of any human document. you're saying rights are fabrications of a human society and thus vary not just from place to place but person to person as well. i do not understand how a document is proof. a document proves something has happened before. it does not physically allow or disallow you to do things. a document really has no power beyond the power people place in it.  it doesn't. i'm just disputing your concept of what is a right.  that was the entire point.  your entire argument was based on the efficiency of government monitoring and thus being able to crackdown on illegal firearms (i think. your argument was confusingly worded, e.g. "certain requirements"). why did you suddenly lump "legal ownership of firearms" into the argument when you had previously not substantiated that claim? "'gary kleck and marc gertz have found that as many as 400,000 people per year use guns in situations in which they later claimed that the gun almost saved their lives. even if these estimates are off by a factor of 10, it means that armed citizens may save 40, 000 lives yearly' (siegel, larry j. (2008), introduction to criminal justice (12th ed.), pg. 70)" this argument is actually addressed by a harvard professor of health policy, david hemenway. he states: "since a small percentage of people may report virtually anything on a telephone survey, there are serious risks of overestimation in using such surveys to measure rare events. the problem becomes particularly severe when the issue has even a remote possibility of positive social desirability response bias. consider the responses to a national random-digit-dial telephone survey of over 1500 adults conducted in may 1994 by abc news and the washington post. [34] one question asked: 'have you yourself ever seen anything that you believe was a spacecraft from another planet?' [page 1438] ten percent of respondents answered in the affirmative. these 150 individuals were then asked, 'have you personally ever been in contact with aliens from another planet or not?' and 6% answered 'yes.'by extrapolating to the national population, we might conclude that almost 20 million americans have seen spacecraft from another planet, and over a million have been in personal contact with aliens from other planets. that more than a million americans had contact with aliens would be incredible news--but not the kind actively publicized by reputable scientists."  yes of course, and you aren't either?  and what exactly is your basis to say that religious people would falsify data or conduct irresponsible surveys? you imply that religious people are illogical (or that the two are mutually exclusive) but i have met very many religious people who are exceptionally logical. actually, it would be illogical to come to the conclusion that there is absolutely no way religion is right about (a) god(s), as it is simply impossible for either side to prove existence or nonexistence. therefore, to assume that religious people are illogical would be itself a logical fallacy.  yes of course, you may not compare other countries to the us when talking about guns, except of course when it's the countries with low crime rates and low gun control.  and making guns more available will actually have the opposite effect, right? making automatic weapons cheap and readily available will completely disincentivize ownership of automatic weapons.
rights have always been decided by the majority because it takes the cooperation of the majority to put it into effect. but anyway since we both agree that rights exist but we disagree on the sources of rights i will address that. th constitution is a document that was written and preserved and handed down from one generation to the next. it is a living proof that we are protected by rights which guarantees protection from the government. before that constitution, was created, majority of the people voted for it to be put into effect. if you don't believe that rights come from the majority then how come laws are created with the approval of majority of the population? how come before we can over throw a government, majority of the votes from the population needs to outweigh the minor? how come when a supreme or appellate courts decides a case, it takes majority of the votes to make a decision in that case? the human society was and is constructed in such a way that the larger population decides what is a right and hardly have they taken away a right from somebody else. didn't majority of the population voted for certain actions to be labelled criminal, so would you say that is unfair because majority of the population took away the right from another civilian to commit a crime? that is the very reason why a document has power, because it is made up of the power the people gave it that power which serves as a proof against governmental infringement of our rights. furthermore, at that time the constitution was created, there was no opposition to it from the people. i am surprise you were arguing earlier that the constitution is privileged but yet in the same document you are disputing you cannot point to one specific word pointing to privilege meanwhile at the same time you will find many amendment such as the 4th amendment beginning with "the right of the people." it is interesting that you do not see "certain rights" as related to the 2 amendment as i am explaining and repeating myself for the 3rd time which goes back that firearms cannot be restricted to people especially since it is designed in a way that is useful for self defense (automatic firearm). if you don't understand government monitoring to be legal ownership then i advise you to put your critical thinking skills to work before responding to an argument. your argument and the evidence you introduced is weak. the source i introduced is a source that is valid and is being used by all schools offering law and pre-law countrywide. moreover, the author of that textbook is the chairperson of john jay school of criminal justice as well as a professor at many other law schools. he is also a criminologist and one of the most recognized authors. secondly, how do you know that these surveys were completed via telephone? how do you know that these researchers were not representing a government funded research? i see no point in a rebuttal that has nothing to do with the source i have introduced. he said that he would like to introduce information pertaining to gun control and introduced sources which were from religious sources and other sources that all demonstrated campaigns against firearm rights in general. why did you not answer the part where i asked you why he did not introduced statistics from the supporter researches of gun rights and why does he fail to mention his name? we are in a debate but he is introducing factual information, thus there is a difference between my method of debating and his method of presenting information. sources that are religious tend to produce bias information because their emotions prevents them from accepting logical information in terms of issues pertaining to social structure. i did not in any way mentioned they are illogical or logical. my point i am trying to establish is that they have a religious view on certain logical issues that causes them to produce information to satisfy their logic. take abortion and prostitution as examples. also if you recall my point i said mix religion with logic. what part of that statement points to what you are illustrating? low crime rates can be the result of better social structure and not just low gun rate. it could be the result of a smaller population and better availability of education and jobs. these are all issues pertaining to crime so hence, your argument is merely opinionated rather than factual. the point that you are failing to understand that illegal firearms will contribute to more people owning guns illegally without the government having any knowledge thereof and can cause a increase in crime. therefore the best form of system is a system of monitoring firearms users, not restrict them.
all citizens have been law abiding till the point where they break the rules - and even then, if they aren't caught they are still regarded as law abiding. "law abiding citizens" means nothing as all wicked people have been a "decent citizen" (as noted by law) at some point prior to their crime(s). on the other hand, i do wish i could have a gun under my dress tucked into my stocking that i can whip out whenever a drunken ass approaches me. we can't have it both ways though can we? we don't know a bad man till he has given us a reason to think/know he is bad. for all you know, your neighbour could be a murderer/rapist, but he just hasn't been caught yet which means that at this moment he is considered by law to be a law abiding citizen, who, in the eyes of the people who picked no in this argument, is permitted to own a firearm. fair? nope.
i can essentially ignore the rest of your argument and point out one specific point:  firstly, of course my argument is opinionated. that is what an argument is. it is based on facts (and you calling them "weak" simply because the other did not provide you facts that you would like to have used does not negate that he does in fact present facts). secondly, yes, your argument about those issues all pertaining to crime is entirely valid. so why then can you say that if we were to have automatic weapons, we would be safer? countries with legal automatic weapons would have different demographics. various states have various demographics where perhaps an automatic weapon would be beneficial, as do counties, cities and neighborhoods. you must recognize that we must be able to compare a very broad swath of humanity (the us is a big place) and say that for the majority of places in the us, automatic weapons would not provide enough of a benefit to outweigh their risks. eh, i can't resist the rest of your argument. well, most of it. i feel we should limit our discussion to the discussion of automatic weapons and thus eliminate our discussion of where rights originate as it has grown quite off topic. i'll make a separate debate for it if you wish.  i don't not understand your argument, it is just the phrasing and syntax is quite amorphous.  and my refutation of that source was a man named david hemenway, a professor of health policy at the harvard school of public health, director of the harvard injury control research center, among other titles related to the field of public health. i would posit he is a reliable source.  this is how i know, "we use the most anonymous possible national survey format, the anonymous random digit dialed telephone survey." (http://www.guncite.com/gcdgklec.html)  because kleck makes it quite clear that he does not accept the data compiled by the bureau of the census to be valid.  and thus they are illogical. i'm sorry, but that is what you are saying, and i find it incredibly narrow-minded to dismiss a survey (not an interpretation of a survey, but the survey itself) based on the fact that it was conducted by a religious organization.  that would be okay, but to introduce information that supports gun control? off with his head! the point is, yes, if you bothered to read any of the rest of the site, you would notice that quite obviously the author is a gun control advocate. however, that does not dismiss the information he presented. information is information.  your first sentence is perhaps the most circular argument i've heard: illegal firearms will cause more people to own guns illegal because they will be illegal if people own them. obviously. however, you fail to understand that if you make automatic weapons legal (and all weapons apparently. you say earlier in your argument suddenly that you are advocating a complete lack of restrictions on firearms, "firearms cannot be restricted to people," although i believe we had previously discussed how it was necessary to restrict gun activities from various groups of people-like insane people or criminals-or to make it necessary for government regulation of the gun market. this seems like a frightening prospect, much more so than a restriction of automatic weapons.), the pool of automatic weapons will in fact enlarge, and more people will own them, and the weapons will be more accessible by those who may have been hesitant about ownership simply because of their illegal nature. suddenly, it would seem more acceptable to rob a convenience store with an automatic weapon versus a handgun or a knife. saying that having a small pool of automatic weapons leads to a greater number of people having automatic weapons is quite illogical.
unfortunately, automatic weapons were not designed for self defense, and i am not entirely sure where you pulled this misinformation from. i have here the patent for automatic arms. http://www.google.com/patents?id=migtaaaaebaj&printsec;=abstract&zoom;=4&source;=gbs_overview_r&cad;=0#v=onepage&q;=a&f;=false  it was designed by a military brigadier, so as to reduce reload times, and kill more enemy soldiers. and here is the source stating that owning a gun increases the likelihood of getting shot. http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn17922-carrying-a-gun-increases-risk-of-getting-shot-and-killed.html  i do agree that illegal firearm use is a more pressing issue than legal firearm use- yet this discussion is over automatic firearms, which is entirely unnecessary for self defense. should a gun be needed, a rifle, pistol, or shotgun are more than necessary. why take the unnecessary risk of using an uzi to shoot in self defense?
are you saying that by being a law-abiding citizen, it becomes impossible to have accidents involving guns? because as far as i know following the law does not make one an a sharp shooter capable of hitting ones attacker and nothing else.
because any law abiding citizen can have his mind snap and reach for that gun to kill another human being.
absolutely for...it's our right and i love guns. you can feel the freedom it represents in its touch. i almost always have one attached to my hip.
in 1929, the soviet union established gun control. from 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. ------------------------------ in 1911, turkey established gun control. from 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. ------------------------------ germany established gun control in 1938. from 1939 to 1945, a total of 13 million jews, and others, who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated. ------------------------------ china established gun control in 1935. from 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. ------------------------------ guatemala established gun control in 1964. from 1964 to 1981, 100,000 mayan indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. ------------------------------ uganda established gun control in 1970. from 1971 to 1979, 300,000 christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. ------------------------------ cambodia established gun control in 1956. from 1975 to 1977, one million 'educated' people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated. ----------------------------- defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th century because of gun control.....56 million people. ------------------------------ it has now been 12 months since gun owners in australia were forced by new law to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by their own government, a program costing australia taxpayers more than $500 million dollars. the first year results are now in. australia-wide, homicides are up 3.2 percent. australia-wide, assaults are up 8.6 percent. australia-wide, armed robberies are up 44 percent! (yes, armed robberies!) in the state of victoria alone, homicides with firearms are now up 300 percent. note that while the law-abiding citizens turned them in, the criminals did not, and criminals still possess their guns! while figures over the previous 25 years showed a steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms, this has changed drastically upward in the past 12 months, since criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed. there has also been a dramatic increase in break-ins and assaults of the elderly. australian politicians are at a loss to explain how public safety has decreased, after such monumental effort and expense was expended in successfully ridding australian society of guns. you won't see this data on the us evening news, or hear politicians disseminating this information. guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property. and, yes, gun-control laws adversely affect only the law-abiding citizens. the next time someone talks in favor of gun control, please remind them of this history lesson. with guns, we are 'citizens'. without them, we are 'subjects'. during wwii the japanese decided not to invade america because they knew most americans were armed!
that sentiment right there is preciely and exactly the reason us fatal firearm related deaths are usually about an order of magnitude higher than any other country every year, good luck with that.
i live in the united kingdom where fire arms are for the most part illegal (you can get a licence for hunting guns). although northern ireland have slightly different laws so i'll dedicate this argument to england/wales. a few facts about the lack of gun crime due to these laws. a home office study published in 2007 reported that gun crime in england & wales remains a relatively rare event. firearms (including air guns) were used in 21,521 recorded crimes. it said that injury caused during a firearm offence was rare with fewer than 3% resulting in a serious or fatal injury. in 2005/6 the police in england and wales reported 50 gun homicides, a rate of 0.1 illegal gun deaths per 100,000 of population. only 6.6% of homicides involved the use of a firearm and just co compare our rates to america where you can own a gun. by way of international comparison, in 2004 the police in the united states reported 9,326 gun homicides. the overall homicide rates per 100,000 reported by the united nations for 1999 were 4.55 for the u.s. and 1.45 in england and wales. i suppose it's a situation where you have to be persistent and absolute with the law. if a lot of people own guns in a country others feel like they have to own a gun for their own protection against people with guns. so it ends up in a vicious cycle. where as in a country where guns are illegal to own on almost all grounds, no one has a gun so the reason to own one through gun threat is not there.
that's quite a wild claim to make. these people were 'exterminated' by armies, i don't think if a jewish citizen owned a gun in the holocaust they could defend themselves.
i despise people who glorify the killing of things and the shooting of guns that are meant to kill people. but, i still believe that, not only should we be free to bear arms, but gun ownership should be mandatory. why? criminals are not predators. criminals are parasites. cowards. when a criminal thinks there's significant a risk that he'll die on his 'job', then he's not going to do his 'job' out of fear. this is proven. switzerland (or sweden or something) has mandatory gun ownership for all citizens, and they have some of the lowest crime rates in the entire world.
but then i could argue that there are countries with a lower crime rate and murder rate than switzerland who do not allow guns.
that doesn't invalidate my point though, lol. it just shows that we're both right.
